Comment,Sentiment
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"She ended with the 

> Taylor Swift

>Childless Cat Lady

JD Vance can't escape from this ever. lol",positive
Tim Walz live reaction to this news is excellent and heartwarming.,positive
"and she signed the endorsement as 'childless cat lady'.

JD is a gift that keeps on giving. lol.",positive
Interrupted CNN and everything,negative
"Signed Childless Cat Lady 

Lol",positive
"[https://www.instagram.com/p/C\_wtAOKOW1z/?utm\_source=ig\_web\_copy\_link&igsh=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==](https://www.instagram.com/p/C_wtAOKOW1z/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_link&igsh=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==)

The actual post.  
And the full text for those who can't read it:

Like many of you, I watched the debate tonight. If you haven’t already, now is a great time to do your research on the issues at hand and the stances these candidates take on the topics that matter to you the most. As a voter, I make sure to watch and read everything I can about their proposed policies and plans for this country.  
  
Recently I was made aware that AI of ‘me’ falsely endorsing Donald Trump’s presidential run was posted to his site. It really conjured up my fears around AI, and the dangers of spreading misinformation. It brought me to the conclusion that I need to be very transparent about my actual plans for this election as a voter. The simplest way to combat misinformation is with the truth.  
  
I will be casting my vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz in the 2024 Presidential Election. I’m voting for [@ kamalaharris](https://www.instagram.com/kamalaharris/?hl=en) because she fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them. I think she is a steady-handed, gifted leader and I believe we can accomplish so much more in this country if we are led by calm and not chaos. I was so heartened and impressed by her selection of running mate [@timwalz](https://www.instagram.com/timwalz/?hl=en), who has been standing up for LGBTQ+ rights, IVF, and a woman’s right to her own body for decades.  
  
I’ve done my research, and I’ve made my choice. Your research is all yours to do, and the choice is yours to make. I also want to say, especially to first time voters: Remember that in order to vote, you have to be registered! I also find it’s much easier to vote early. I’ll link where to register and find early voting dates and info in my story.  
  
With love and hope,  
  
Taylor Swift  
Childless Cat Lady

FUCKING FINALLY. Wonder how Brittany is gonna react",positive
Trump and his Russian bot army are having a very bad day.,negative
284M followers. Yikes.,neutral
"And a nice sideswipe at the ""childless cat lady"" nonsense. 

Plus attacking Trump on posting AI altered images of her. 

Harris wins the debate and follows it up with a massive endorsement. This goes down as a big night.",positive
"STOP, *STOP*, HE’S ALREADY DEAD

(But, seriously, continue please)",negative
Mike Tyson couldn't have delivered a harder one-two punch than what Trump's getting tonight.,neutral
"For those asking why she does it now, directly after the debate: To make it more clear that Harris was the winner of the debate. Showing people, now is the time to choose Harris.

To get headlines like these: Taylor Swift endorses Kamala Harris for president after debate with Donald Trump",positive
"I'm in my ""WE ARE NOT GOING BACK"" Era!",neutral
"https://www.instagram.com/p/C_wtAOKOW1z/?igsh=OW8zODYzM2hjbms2



Like many of you, I watched the debate tonight. If you haven’t already, now is a great time to do your research on the issues at hand and the stances these candidates take on the topics that matter to you the most. As a voter, I make sure to watch and read everything I can about their proposed policies and plans for this country.

Recently I was made aware that AI of ‘me’ falsely endorsing Donald Trump’s presidential run was posted to his site. It really conjured up my fears around AI, and the dangers of spreading misinformation. It brought me to the conclusion that I need to be very transparent about my actual plans for this election as a voter. The simplest way to combat misinformation is with the truth.

I will be casting my vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz in the 2024 Presidential Election. I’m voting for @kamalaharris because she fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them. I think she is a steady-handed, gifted leader and I believe we can accomplish so much more in this country if we are led by calm and not chaos. I was so heartened and impressed by her selection of running mate @timwalz, who has been standing up for LGBTQ+ rights, IVF, and a woman’s right to her own body for decades.

I’ve done my research, and I’ve made my choice. Your research is all yours to do, and the choice is yours to make. I also want to say, especially to first time voters: Remember that in order to vote, you have to be registered! I also find it’s much easier to vote early. I’ll link where to register and find early voting dates and info in my story.

With love and hope,

Taylor Swift
Childless Cat Lady",positive
"Each time I think the Vance pick couldn't be any more disastrous, something makes me reconsider.

Being so bad the world's most popular singer makes a point in trolling you while endorsing your opponent certainly makes the cut.",negative
"I was wondering how this night could go worse for Donald, I have now found out how.",negative
"Well, that's huge. Like...actually huge lol",positive
Never thought I'd be fighting side by side with a swiftie,negative
"She signed it as 
“Taylor Swift
Childless Cat Lady”

This is great news!",positive
I am a woman and I am rock hard right now lmao. Let's fucking GO.,positive
"Bah god, T Swift from the top rope.",positive
You ever get beat so bad in a debate that you accidentally activate the swifties?,negative
Make sure you vote against the smallest man that ever lived.,positive
"That is a *huge* base of supporters. After seeing how much flak Ticketmaster got from Swifties, this endorsement will mean a large and *very* enthusiastic group of voters is heading Harris's way.

You do not mess with a Swiftie.",positive
They’re currently reading it on MSNBC while talking to walz.,neutral
May this era belong to Kamala,neutral
There it is.,neutral
I guess I'm a swiftie now,neutral
"T Swift is probably the most influential person among American women in a generation, she’s doing Oprah numbers, this is a bigger deal than it may appear.",positive
Fucking slam dunk. Get fucked MAGATs,negative
"> With love and hope,

> Taylor Swift

> Childless Cat Lady


Love that lmao",positive
"It’s over

EDIT: VOTE!",neutral
Well there goes those conspiracy theorists that Swift wasnt going to endorse anyone,negative
wtf I love Taylor now,positive
It’s so fucking Joever,neutral
"Right on cue, today was a good day lol",positive
I’m filled with hope. Trump was demolished on live tv and now the swifties have been activated,positive
Harris stuffed him in a locker tonight and Swift slammed the door.,positive
Its over. GGs. Was clearly timed for the debate. Now ppl can stop bitching about not responding during the AI images,negative
Perfect timing,positive
Bro is COOKED. Her signing off with “childless cat lady” was the BEST. Good game.,positive
Holy shit. Legitimate masterstroke from Taylor here. This is absolutely massive and timed to perfection ...,neutral
Trump just got Swiftvoted,neutral
I don’t understand the argument that this is bad timing. It’s a 1-2 punch. It’s like getting the car rolling a bit before hitting the gas.,negative
"Chat, is this real?",neutral
"Ending the post with ""Taylor Swift, Childless Cat Lady"" is A+++.",positive
"Love her or hate her, this is a much more important development than the debate itself. It's sad to think Americans are influenced more strongly by celebrities than by good policy, but at least in this case, both point to the same candidate. The choice is clear.",positive
"PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT

Just because Taylor Swift is endorsing Harris does not mean you shouldn't get out and vote. Please VOTE. VOTE your conscience vote against tyranny, and vote blue!",positive
Incredibly timed on her part saying the debate was the tipping point. Might give the endorsement just that little bit of extra weight to push people on the fence.,positive
"And, so ends Donald Trump's attempt to become president. Hopefully he can shake it off.",positive
"You can tell she was furious about the fake AI of her endorsing Trump, and she waited until the best possible moment to endorse Harris.

“Signed childless cat lady”

Special thank you to Vance for that extra nudge",positive
Swiftie here. Donated to the Harris/Walz campaign and bought a bunch of their merch.,neutral
I told my wife that if Taylor Swift endorsed Kamala that I'd never complain about her music again lol,positive
Trump is spiraling right now,neutral
"""Taylor Swift, Childless Cat Lady""

Oh my days it's the jugular",positive
"DONT GET COMPLACENT! Nothing is in the bag! Vote vote vote vote. And actually do it, too.",positive
With a  photo of her in cat lady mode,neutral
It is so very poetic that the women of the world will be Trump's downfall. I need *all* the popcorn,neutral
"Thank you Taylor, I will stream folklore in your honor 🥳🥳🥳",positive
"Before we get too excited, has Kid Rock posted anything tonight that might cancel this out?",positive
and everyone was shitting on her i knew my girl would pull through,negative
"PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT

Do not. DO NOT think for one second that Republicans can't win. Don't make the same mistakes of 2016. Get out and vote. VOTE BLUE. Vote against tyranny. Its super kewl that Taylor is endorsing Harris, but absolutely do not think you don't need to vote. YOU DO. ITS UP TO ALL OF US TO VOTE.",positive
"He's gonna break social media with his rants tonight.  Harris slaughtered him in the debate, and now he's officially lost the Swifties!",negative
Selecting JD Vance as VP will go down as the biggest unforced error in American politics,negative
Did....did...Taylor Swift just save democracy?,positive
"I'm not a Swiftie and I was pessimistic of whether she would. But this is brilliant. From encouraging registration, providing links, and most importantly calling attention to the debate clips and the policies, this was the best endorsement I've seen.",positive
This is the shittiest night Trump has had since Biden stepped down.,negative
How do the transgender illegal aliens getting operations in prison while eating their dogs feel about this?,negative
"It really was beautiful watching MAGA take the bait about her playing around with Trump supporters. 

Anybody who watched her documentary knew that she was always going to endorse Kamala. She hates him and has for at least a decade.",positive
The haters don’t know want to do with themselves right now. Swifties have been saying forever that she will time her endorsement and this clearly shows that she did just that.,positive
I’m a simple childless cat dad.  I know a few things. One is don’t fuck with swifties. Maga is done. Over. This is hell in the cell for them.,negative
"Walz was being interviewed live when this dropped!

Anchor: ""Signed, childless cat lady. I have to get your response to that Mr. Governor""

Walz: ""Wow! ...(Inaudible)...well all those things I am incredibly grateful first of all to Taylor Swift, I say that also as a cat owner, a fellow cat owner. Ah, look, Swifties you heard it, we know that it's there, that was eloquent! And it was clear. And that's the type of courage we need in America to stand up. We've seen it out of those republicans who were at the DNC, we've seen it out of women who would like to have their own personal lives kept personal, but are forced to go out there because they nearly died because they can't get abortion services in a pregnancy, and now you have somebody like Taylor Swift coming out and making that very clear. This would be the opportunity Swifties, ah, KamalaHarris.com, get on over there, give us a hand, get things going!""",positive
It's Joever,neutral
Oh shit! She has unleashed the horde!,negative
"Actually let out an ""Oh shit."" when I saw that headline. It's over, that's actually a big deal.",negative
Who ever thought that Dick Cheney and Taylor Swift would agree on something.,neutral
"She knew exactly what she was doing, waiting to endorse right after the debate.

God damn, I’m a T Swift fan now…",positive
"The timing is beautiful.  Even the conservative media outlets that are doing their best to spin the debate won't be able to ignore it.

For Harris', who had a great debate performance, it's just even more momentum.

Swift's message is also stated in such a great way.  Calm.  Doesn't say you're wrong, but says why SHE is voting that way.  She doesn't even instruct people to vote for Harris.  This is just Taylor saying where she stands and why she stands there.

Republicans will attack her for the next week because she doesn't have kids, and that will also fall flat with independents voters.",positive
Literally buried every other thread the minute it broke. I'm fucking dying.,negative
She finally did it. She executed order Swifty Six.,neutral
"It just keeps happening. 


The Biden step-down and Kamala endorsement happened just after the RNC, stealing Trump's thunder then. 


And now this announcement of Taylor Swift's endorsement is going to take over the media and take away any talk of his performance at the debate.


You love to see it.",positive
Pour one out for the cope jabronis who forgot she waited until October to endorse Biden. She picks her moments. But now that she endorsed Kamala brace for “it doesn’t matter anyway”,positive
"I love all the MAGA lemmings dropping in to say ""So?"" and ""Who cares?"" when [*Donald Trump himself* was trying to mislead people into thinking Taylor Swift had endorsed him less than month ago](https://bbc.com/news/articles/c5y87l6rx5wo).",positive
"When you forget that Taylor is a childless cat lady.

Let's fucking go!!",negative
"It was breaking news. Tim Walz was all smiles when Rachel Maddow read the Instagram to him and got to the ""I am endorsing..."" bit.",positive
"Holy shit she finally did it, and right after the debate that made Trump look like a vindictive ass with no real plans, only ""concepts of a plan"". This has not been a good night for Trump and I am totally here for it.",negative
"Even if you don’t love Taylor Swift, her endorsement is a huge deal. Plus, her calling out Trump for his fake AI endorsement is gonna piss off her fans even more and encourage them to vote",positive
"AAAAHHHH!!!!!  
  
Holy cow that is clever timing. So even disinterested young swifties can immediately go - 'oh I better watch the debate' (or bits of it on tiktok) - and IMMEDIATELY get what this shitshow is about.   
  
Way to force multiply!   
  
Fuck me!  
  
The DNC are smashing it this time around!!!",positive
This is incredible coordination and timing. Tim Walz just responded to it live on MSNBC. It was adorable.,positive
"I like that she did it on the night of the debate. 

It just automatically gives Kamala the W for the night.",positive
"Like many of you, I watched the debate tonight. If you haven’t already, now is a great time to do your research on the issues at hand and the stances these candidates take on the topics that matter to you the most. As a voter, I make sure to watch and read everything I can about their proposed policies and plans for this country.

Recently I was made aware that AI of ‘me’ falsely endorsing Donald Trump’s presidential run was posted to his site. It really conjured up my fears around AI, and the dangers of spreading misinformation. It brought me to the conclusion that I need to be very transparent about my actual plans for this election as a voter. The simplest way to combat misinformation is with the truth.

I will be casting my vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz in the 2024 Presidential Election. I’m voting for @kamalaharris because she fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them. I think she is a steady-handed, gifted leader and I believe we can accomplish so much more in this country if we are led by calm and not chaos. I was so heartened and impressed by her selection of running mate @timwalz, who has been standing up for LGBTQ+ rights, IVF, and a woman’s right to her own body for decades.

I’ve done my research, and I’ve made my choice. Your research is all yours to do, and the choice is yours to make. I also want to say, especially to first time voters: Remember that in order to vote, you have to be registered! I also find it’s much easier to vote early. I’ll link where to register and find early voting dates and info in my story.

With love and hope,

Taylor Swift
Childless Cat Lady",positive
"Well, that’s an awesome momentum changer.

But guess what? Polls will go up and down. Your vote is all that matters. Nothing is in the bag.

Make sure you are registered to vote and don’t forget to vote on Election Day. And tell your friends and family on the fence how important this election is.",positive
"Harris/Walz, you belong with us.",neutral
Boy is cooked,neutral
She signed the post “Childless Cat Lady” lol. Perfect.,positive
"Swift's first single on her next album to be titled ""Concepts of a Plan"".",neutral
"Remember, it’s not enough to just vote for Harris/Walz!  If the MAGAts win either the House or the Senate, they can stall every piece of meaningful legislation!  We’ve got to vote for a blue straight ticket - vote in every Democrat if you want things to actually get fixed!",positive
"All these MAGA cult members are so triggered by this, but were just fine when Hulk Hogan was tearing his shirt off on stage for Trump. Lol. 

Get better endorsements and you wouldn’t be quite so hurt. 

Start by getting a better candidate. Maybe the rest will follow.",positive
It's happening!!!,neutral
Things are getting spicy now.,neutral
"""Taylor Swift has a large and loyal fan base, with estimates of the number of fans ranging from 180 million to 100 million.""

Let's assume half are of voting age, and half of them are American and actually do go out and vote.  That would still be a nice number of votes for Harris. Go Go Childless cat lady!",positive
Daaaayum the Russian bots are making a showing on this thread.  I guess Putin’s threatened by Swifts army,negative
It's so Joever,neutral
"And just after I read that post about her being friends with Brittany Mahomes and everyone saying she was a MAGA supporter for not saying anything about that AI endorsement. 

Whew.",positive
Swiftie Army reporting for duty 🫡🫡🫡,neutral
This is a brutal night for Trump.,negative
Dick Cheney and Taylor Swift endorsing the same person is a wild timeline to be in.,negative
Swifties! Assemble.,neutral
Vance about to be thrown out of Trump's headquarters like Jazz in the Fresh Prince.,positive
"not when he doubles.. triples.. and quadruples down on it. i'd say ""dude stop digging"" but as they say, ""never interrupt your enemy when they are making a mistake.""",positive
"God knows I'm not taking down my ""Childless Cat Lady for Harris"" lawn sign any time soon.",positive
"Some serious FAFO there.


What an idiot. She’s been avoiding talking about politics for most of her career and he basically described our eras most powerful kingmaker as negatively as he could in three words.",negative
"Ok, good.",positive
"The whole point of this past-48 hours coordinated MIGRANTS EATING CATS thing is to try and change what happens when you search ""Vance"" and ""cat."" Their dumb fucking asses thought insulting a sizeable chunk of the US populace would play well but, shockingly, it did not.",negative
Dude has obviously never listened to Vigilante Shit. She was coming for them all along.,negative
"> Taylor Swift

> Not a Couch",positive
JD Vance's couch is going to be *so* upset tonight.,negative
His heart-touch when his name was mentioned in the statement (as read to him by Rachel) was so sweet,positive
is there a video?,neutral
“As a fellow cat owner…”,neutral
Only way it'd be better is if she did it on a couch.,positive
I’m watching MSNBC and Rachel Maddow stopped Tim Walz and read him her post. He was all smiles,positive
Maddow was talking with Walz and read out the whole thing.,neutral
"So did MSNBC, in the middle of their interview with Tim Walz.",neutral
Omg seriously? That makes me even more happy that is like ACTUALLY breaking news,positive
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aWPUI3yi3LA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aWPUI3yi3LA),neutral
CNN sent me a breaking news alert for this lmao,positive
JD Vance really was the stupidest VP pick imaginable lmao,positive
While holding a cat.,neutral
"Ah, J D Vance. 

A gift that keeps giving 😂",positive
"Also she put a lot of thought into it, and i appreciate she didn’t just wave her flag and go woooo Kamala

She gave real reasons and common reasons among voters that appeal to the average person, and also celebrities with AI being able to mess with them

edit: who wrote it (her vs her publicists) is not really relevant. The post itself has the reasons and compelling events of her deciding to vote for Kamala, which is what my point was",positive
I can’t wait to hear JD Vance be completely normal about this,neutral
Lmao I like her quite a bit more now,positive
That was the chefs kiss to that post.,positive
"The most important part about the Swift endorsement **is we still have almost a month left of time to register young people in even the reddest of states, let alone swing states. Hell, her home state is Pennsylvania, which is one state Trump cannot afford to lose!**

That's a big Swiftin' deal.

[And remember, you can help them register and vote too. Here is a spreadsheet with countless ways to help in each state. We are not powerless, Swifty or otherwise.](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jxO8g7q9VO3ZMAABcrvR7PMyX4Yl6dgIYhD3eRTKk1M/edit?gid=0#gid=0)

[https://vote.gov/](https://vote.gov/) - Pick a territory, and follow this step by step if you still need to register too. There is still time. **It's not too late!**",positive
"> It brought me to the conclusion that I need to be very transparent about my actual plans for this election as a voter. 

lmao, she basically said ""'cause that AI garbage y'all pulled, I'm not doing any coy bullshit with cookies this time.""",neutral
"Lol, read this as Britney and was wondering what Britney Spears got to do with this 😆",positive
"Lol ...

""Taylor Swift  
Childless Cat Lady""",positive
"> 
> 
> 
> 
> FUCKING FINALLY. Wonder how Brittany is gonna react

I'm so interested to see how much the ""we should love and accept each other even if people have different opinions"" bullshit is gonna extend to Taylor Swift full-on endorsing Harris.",positive
"Brittany won’t say a word because she’s the talentless one in the friend group. Her husband, Taylor, and Travis are the only reason anyone knows who she is. She will not jeopardize that",positive
Who's Brittany?,neutral
"I like that she also set an example of doing research before endorsing anyone. Sure, I think it's a bit of theatre, but it shows that she's not just going into this blindly, and it's not just a reaction.",positive
"Must be, since they didn't crash the site like they did with the last debate (or after Trump got shot)",positive
Trump asked for nuclear war 💀 and now he gets it,negative
"Their current marching order is ""It was 3 against 1"" -- They're all repeating it like drones.",positive
You can really tell the sorry state Russia is in by how badly their trolls have been doing of late. ,negative
I think Elon is throttling this story on Twitter because it’s not coming up there.,neutral
"Posted 21 minutes ago, nearly 2 million likes already.",positive
"A lot yes, though not all will be able to vote, but hopefully encourage their parents to vote for Harris as well.",positive
">Plus attacking Trump on posting AI altered images of her. 

This was so dumb. Everyone knows how hard she fought to control her own shit. I don't think this ends with just an endorsement. I think this ends with Taylor swift and Beyonce throwing a registration drive in like PA or something",negative
It was “cat making eye contact while swatting something breakable off the table” sideswipe and I am here for it.,neutral
Bah god do I hear Beyoncé’s music??? From the rafters!!? 🤯,positive
"But unlike Holyfield, his ear is undamaged.",neutral
"People out here really thinking Taylor doesn’t know how to work the news cycle. I’m far from a fan but it was ALWAYS going to be a meticulously planned event for maximum exposure and effectiveness, her and her team are quite literally some of the most successful professional influencers in the entire world. ",positive
"I was dead ass wrong thinking she wasn't responding to the AI bullshit because she didn't want to offend conservatives (like MJ said, Republicans buy sneakers too).   I'm gladly eating humble pie and so appreciating the most perfect signature possible.",negative
"Yup, perfect timing - this is basically her saying emphatically that Kamala won, and let stop the media from trying to play horserace angle as much. The usual suspects will of course scream trump won like they always do, but good luck getting heard over someone with her amount of influence.",positive
I'd be surprised if she isn't in contact with campaign team and they discussed when to have her endorsement.,positive
"By following the debate, it also suggests that she's informed, unbiased, and waited to hear both sides address the big issues before solidifying her endorsement, which is more difficult to disqualify.


A lot of her fans are young and grew up in red households. Her endorsement means something regardless, but it's more persuasive when it comes off as genuine and educated rather than a product endorsement. ",positive
Like ever,positive
We are not going back. Like ever.,negative
JD Vance might be the single most effective campaigner for Harris the Democrats ever had.,positive
"Love how she signed it! God, it's so great to see the Dems fully embracing memes.",positive
That's huge.,positive
"Dukakis' tank, Howard Dean's high pitched scream, JD Vance's childless cat ladies, etc.  It's the damnedest things that cripple a candidacy.",negative
"It goes deeper than that.

The picture she posted is from her *Time* magazine ""Person of the Year"" photoshoot - a photoshoot where she (or her team) *specifically requested* that the cat be featured.

It is well known that Trump had a fake *Time* MotY cover hanging in his office, and that never making the cut was a pet peeve of his.

That means this was meticulously planned for maximum damage.

She and her team are very, very good.",neutral
"In the spin room after debate a reporter just asked him what his thoughts about Swift just endorsing Harris. 

He said ""I have no idea"".

I believe if you put that into Google translate it would roughly come out as ""Oh shit"".",negative
And given that she's from Pennsylvania....,neutral
"This is going to resonate with the ""undecideds"" amongst her fanbase.

It's going to look like she watched the debate, and after hearing them both talk, came to a decision.

Edit: undecideds is in quotes because at this point, no one is undecided on who to vote for. At this point it's undecided on whether they want to vote or now as they've become unengaged with the process.",negative
"Listen, it shouldn’t be this big of a deal, but it genuinely is. I don’t even really like her music, but I respect the hell out of her and how she handles her fame and power.",positive
How about side by side with a friend?,positive
J. Deviance is getting the ketchup thrown at him tonight.,neutral
"It's so fucking stupid that this matters, but you're right. It is great news.",positive
Absolutely devoured trump and Vance.,neutral
same. my butthole is flexing.,neutral
I just sent another donation to the Harris campaign. Let’s end this 🤝,neutral
(JR voice) By Gawd! That man has a family! Will somebody stop this!,negative
"Good God almighty! Good God almighty! That killed him! As God as my witness, he is broken in half!",positive
Five star frog splash,neutral
Waiting for the glass shattering and Taylor downing 2 beers from the turnbuckle,neutral
"""Swifties for Kamala"" raised $140k for the Harris campaign last month without Taylor's involvement, Swifties have BEEN activated",neutral
The Antihero.  Stares directly at the sun but never in the mirror,neutral
If even a tenth of them voted that could well be the difference especially since she's from Pennsylvania which is a swing state,positive
"Fuci yeah, you don't. I'm a 36 year old man voting blue always, but Taylor Swift is HER.",positive
"I love that we have a very strong, confident leader in Kamala and a lil sweetie pie in Walz.",positive
… to us,neutral
"As a mid-twenties dude - I find myself knowing like 20+ of her songs without intentionally listening to them 🤣 it’s funny how I grew up with listening to her first albums. I’m not saying I’m a Swiftie, but I am an OG listener",positive
"Spot on mate! Oprah’s endorsement for Obama sealed it. Same here almost, but skewing even younger.",positive
"She's easily bigger than Oprah I'd argue. Swift has always been an A-lister sure, but in the last couple of years she's achieved more of a, most famous celebrity in the world, status and even people who aren't fans can appreciate her impact whilst Oprah was always divisive with some. This endorsement is huge",positive
I think slam dunk is an understatement omg she absolutely knocked these mfs out,negative
It's Joever,neutral
"sir, don’t worry, we have kid rock….basically the same thing! 

*-	trump campaign team*",negative
We are never getting back together. . . like ever,positive
Thank JD Vance for triggering her with the mindless childless cat lady retort.,negative
I'm literally in tears now. What a night. A month ago I was numbing myself in preparation for another trump win but I'm feeling hope now.,positive
Debate blowout and this!,neutral
She was definitely waiting for the right moment and this was definitely that.,positive
"Saw a lot of people extrapolating that Patrick, Brittany, her, and Kelce must all be Trump supporters. At least we can cross one off the list lol. (realistically I don’t think any of them are even with Brittany’s dumb comments)",positive
Dark Brandon with his feet up on the Resolute Desk and lighting up a fat cigar in victory,positive
I got a very clear picture of this in my head when I read your comment and laughed so hard,positive
"I like how she specifically called out the AI bullshit as a reason why she was compelled to make this statement. ""Look what you made me do"" for real!",negative
"That was really stressing me out and the ""other"" AI images that came out after the super bowl or whatever. I was hoping she would carry a torch and lead for some laws to be passed.  I just think in the future people will be doing AI images to random women and ruining lives",positive
It's perfect timing. Right now both sides are wildly spinning the debate. Swift just put a huge spotlight on the idea that Harris won.. it's a massively smart way to set the narrative following the debate.,positive
"The argument is that you should spread these news hits out to dominate the cycle. That's wrong, but it's the argument.

This delivers a huge 1-2 punch combo of a debate victory and massive endorsement to convince a lot of younger, less engaged voters that supporting Kamala is important, at a moment when the largest number of them are paying attention.",positive
"Its real, on her instagram, with a pic of a cat, ended off “childless cat lady”

Touche.",neutral
1.5 million likes in 17 minutes lol.,positive
Rachel Maddow just read it to Tim Walz live on air.,neutral
https://www.instagram.com/p/C_wtAOKOW1z/?hl=en,neutral
On her official Insta/Threads,neutral
"Yes.

Merry christmas.",positive
"Yes, the red states will be pulling all the gimmicks possible to throw out votes, to make sure you can't vote etc. They really want Trump to win this cycle.",positive
"In the last election, Democratic Boomers outvoted both Millennial and Gen Z voters.  It’s time for Millennials and Gen Z to take the mantle.  You got this!",neutral
“Got nuthin’ in my brain” has never felt more appropriate,neutral
"Girl, same! :)",positive
He's buying up Taylor Swift records to shoot in his backyard.,negative
"He retruthed a couple things, but it’s really hard to type out a full post on Truth with how hot it makes your phone.",positive
"NGL I was getting a little disillusioned there for a bit. But that's on me, deep down I knew how much she meant being on the right side of history was important to her. So glad she came through.",positive
No - Harris buried Trump during the debate; Swift is just (literally) putting the nail in the coffin.,negative
She sure did her part.,positive
"I hope someone posts it for a rewatch, I missed it putting my daughters to bed. We are all so psyched she posted.",positive
theyre going to throw him out of the campaign like a dog,positive
"I once watched a group of Soldiers chuck an Airman who entered and refused to leave their compound out the doors...

The MSG said they ""Jazzed him out the door"". I swear he even made the loud ""UuuuH!"" sound Jazz made too.",negative
Trump threw him under the bus right during the debate too.,neutral
Walz will make my Christmas wishes come true if he brings up the childless cat lady comment and Taylor Swift in the VP debate 🙏,positive
"I am a not a lady, and I don't have any cats. In fact, I'm allergic to cats. I'm considering such a lawn sign as well.",neutral
Maybe in two months. Maybe. ,neutral
On her Instagram post she also says that Trump using AI to make it look like she endorsed him was a major catalyst.,positive
I don't think his tiny little brain can really comprehend the idea that women have actual power.,neutral
"""Dont ever do that again you little bitch.""

- Taylor ""Michael Jordan"" Swift",negative
Whatever makes sense…,neutral
He is so incredibly *genuine*.,neutral
Please tell me you have a link so I can watch. ,positive
They cut away to the instagram post right when they mentioned his name. absolutely terrible direction there.,negative
"Just give me a Hulk Hogan endorsement. A couple of Kid Rock endorsements. Just whatever makes sense...

-JD Vance",positive
[https://www.msnbc.com/all-in/watch/taylor-swift-endorses-kamala-harris-see-tim-walz-react-live-219048005739](https://www.msnbc.com/all-in/watch/taylor-swift-endorses-kamala-harris-see-tim-walz-react-live-219048005739),neutral
Hey whatever makes sense,neutral
"Nah, she did even better than that; the photo was from her TIME Magazine Person of the Year shoot. It'll drive Trump nuts as soon as he finds out.",negative
he started getting giddy like a school girl. It was pretty funny.,positive
"Tim, imma let u finish but...",neutral
"Tim Walz genuinely gives off vibes of ""I have no FUCKING clue how this is happening to me, but it is AWESOME"". When you think that 3 months ago he was just happily serving as governor in a small and not especially politically important state, and now he's the VP candidate.",positive
"They interrupted a vice presidential candidate to read Taylor’s announcement? 💀 💀 💀 

Sometimes this timeline is cool after all.",neutral
This one works https://youtu.be/lMcbJlidTCA?si=QUR21qlAc8kF2c_j,neutral
"I love how even Trump acted like he didn't know him, during a debate LMAO",positive
"Almost like letting Don Jr. be in ""charge"" of it was a bad idea.",negative
I'm still convinced that he's a Sascha Baron Cohen character designed to tank the Republican campaign from the inside.,positive
"He was chosen because [he said he would not have certified the 2020 election](https://x.com/rpsagainsttrump/status/1833524309765329160?s=46&t=sZiMcuw9dSzMIjJ_V9vvGQ). Basically, if Trump gains power again JD will ensure that he never “loses” another election by refusing to certify it.",positive
"2024 is going to set the standard by which VPs picks are judged in the future. 

""On a scale of JD Vance to Tim Walz how would you rate this VP pick?""",neutral
And it wasn’t AI either.,neutral
Her cat. While holding her cat.  ,neutral
What a night for cats in America. They’re being eaten by migrants in Ohio according to Trump. And now they’re helping endorse Kamala Harris.,positive
I thought the same. She said do your research on the issues that matter to you and vote accordingly. That was a very thoughtful endorsement.,positive
The calm instead of chaos line really hit well,neutral
I’m sure there was a team to fine tune but I mean… she’s literally a writer haha she probably wrote most if not all of it.,positive
"Taylor’s a control freak.  While I think she likely ran her post by her PR folks for a last check before she posted it, I do think she wrote the post herself.  I don’t think she’d leave something like this to staff.  That’s not her style.",negative
"Can’t wait for Tim Walz vs JD Vance

He won’t be able to “okay great” his way through a debate",neutral
She throws shade with the best of em I’ll always give her that,positive
If Trump loses PA it’s probably game over for him,negative
"Hey young people in swing states. Did you know if you ever answer those opinion poll calls, your opinion gets overweighted because of the smaller sample size of actual respondents. Don’t go to x to scream into the void. Make the polls listen. 

And register. 

And I for one decided to put my money where my mouth is and found a local campaign office to donate to, not just for Kamala, but for my local race (BEGONE FITZPATRICK).",negative
They gave her the perfect excuse lol,positive
I thought she was going to say how AI makes her uncomfortable as an artist but she kept it  on point driving home the “false information” angle.,negative
That and the childless cat lady obsession of JD Vance. She knew what she was doing signing it like that and adding the photo of her and Benjamin(her cat),neutral
"Right, leave Britney alone!",negative
Same,neutral
I don’t have a clue who this other Britney is so… yeah. Leave Britney alone. Leave her alone!,negative
"Honestly that's a ""you didn't even feel the knife until I wanted you to"" murder by words.",negative
Even put a picture of her and her cat 😂,positive
"I’m guessing Britney Mahomes would rather have an extremely famous friend than basically anything else, so I doubt she makes much fuss",positive
I’m gonna guess it extends pretty easily to Taylor considering Brittany probably doesn’t actually give a fuck. And Brittany is not going to give up the relevancy Taylor brings her.,positive
Omg yes! I totally forgot about Britney! I wonder if we’ll see them around each or not anymore,positive
Yep - at this point she’s just someone’s wife,positive
Patrick Mahomes's wife.,neutral
"There were a few but they didn't do a great job, they were drowned by the other commenters. 

Putin didn't put enough people on the early shift.",negative
The whole Russia funds the right scandal broke a bit ago. And bots SUDDENLY quieted down on a lot of sites.,negative
The losing side always complains about the refs cause they know the scoreboard says they're losers.,negative
"It's at 2.5 million likes now, and counting.

Edit: Jeez, I woke up to it clearing 6 million. It is 5 AM in the morning, and that’s east coast. Hardly anyone is up yet.",positive
If 1 out of 200 of her followers votes because of this it's going to be a landslide.,neutral
Nearly 3 million likes just 20 minutes after that.,positive
[deleted],neutral
Many of us Swifties have been voting for over 30 years!,neutral
My niece and her friends are Swifties. She just turned 18 and will be voting for the first time and yes her endorsement is huge. The age range of Swifts fans is large.,positive
89% of her fans are millennial or older generations and a good part of gen z can vote now,positive
"As I recall, her tour resumes in Florida in October. I can't imagine a better time to really start hammering the message.",negative
Holy shit that is the absurd timeline that I want to be a part of.,negative
Sheeeeiiit 😆,positive
I expect this to be on a talk show monologue by the end of the week.,neutral
"You have been waiting your whole life for a comment with the perfect reference, and you knocked it out of the park with this one. Well done.  I salute you!",positive
"I literally got downvoted earlier today for saying she was saving her endorsement for the most effective time. 

Suck it all 6 of you haters!",negative
"Not to mention that the VMAs are on Wednesday where Taylor is up for numerous awards, so the conversation about her endorsement will naturally continue. This was played to perfection. Kudos to wise women",positive
It was timed perfectly to hit the news cycle following the debate and days after to keep the buzz going and get her followers activated.,positive
"She also made a point she doesn't want anything to do with the AI stuff of her, and if there's one thing you never want to do, it's hit a billionaire in the pockets. That could really hurt her brand to just normalize it. Taylor Swift this and Taylor Swift that, all endorsed by Taylor Swift! Buy now!


The dumbest fucking thing they could have done was pretend Taylor Swift supported Trump. You know she doesn't. But she didn't tip her hand until they made her.


If Trump plays 4D chess I gotta wonder which fucking dimension he's playing in because I can't see one in the three I'm aware of.",positive
I'm excited for the plot twist where he comes out and reiterates that he is still a never trumper and he did it all to save democracy.,positive
"Plot twist, he hates trump so much he went incognito as a boot licker to unravel his campaign.",negative
I bet he has concepts of an idea,neutral
And she controls the 3rd largest army (Swifties) in the world,neutral
"From PA or not she's huge here. 


Last time she played in Philly the whole city was swamped with Swifties for weeks. Weeks. 

It was a good vibe honestly. They all fucking hated Trump. 

The biggest thing here is this will help convince a lot of younger women to vote.",positive
"If she can just get young women engaged in politics, it could change everything in this country.",positive
Exactly. The optics were right.,neutral
It will also encourage younger voters to vote. A lot of them stay back; don’t think it’s important. I hope this helps turnout.,positive
"Aye, I could do that",neutral
"Ay, I could do that.",neutral
And my axe?,negative
that might be the taco bell,neutral
Nah- his family sucks too… don’t stop it.,negative
Covert narcissism disguised as altruism like some kind of congressman 🔥,negative
"If Trump and Vance are smart, they would just leave this alone.  

Im not sure how many swifties would actually be compelled to go out and vote for Harris just because Taylor is voting for her.  I know it’s not zero, but it might just be like 10% or something along those lines.

However, if Trump or Vance open their mouths to retaliate, and say something negative about her, Im fairly certain that the fanbase will be on absolute fire with a level of determination that will cause major damage to their campaign.

Im betting they can’t help themselves and will light that fire",negative
"From what I've been hearing, this election will more than likely come down to Pennsylvania. So this could be a big deal. Hopefully it encourages those in the 18-25 range to go vote for Kamala.",positive
As a 36 year old with 2 daughters…I feel cool playing her “old” stuff from like 2008 before my girls were even born.,positive
Between her crushing Trump tonight and Swift’s endorsement…..bad night for Team Orange.,negative
"We went from it being Joever, to being so Barack.",neutral
"Tim Walz is live reacing for the first time to the statement on MSNBC and looks like he's going to cry with joy.

He knows. Trump is cooked.",positive
Dark Brandon sends his regards,neutral
"""Also Hulk Hogan. For some reason.""


-Team Trump",neutral
Ggwp Maga better luck next time.,positive
We love our childless cat ladies!,positive
Seal the deal guys. Sign up to volunteer if you haven't https://go.kamalaharris.com/,neutral
"Oh yeah, I think it’s pretty clear by this statement that they had this ready to go following the closing remarks tonight. Well played.",positive
"One-Two punch, what a night. My fear is quickly turning into joy and I don't know how this doesn't supercharge Democrats.",positive
"I think it’s an important lesson for young people that she waited. She said I watched the debate, and I’ve decided.",positive
"The Mahomes family is a maybe, but even Travis has shaded Trump over the years.",neutral
It was really obvious Kelce was NOT a trump supporter lol.,positive
"If Harris wins, Biden saved this country.",positive
"Yeah that sure backfired like fuck on Trump, you can always count on him to to do the dumbest thing imaginable, but I was still shocked he actually did that",negative
"If it ends up emphasizing the debate and how much better of a person Harris is, I will be super happy.",positive
JD Vance has done so much harm to Trump's campaign.,negative
Trumps over.   I won't get comfortable. But she has a massive fan base.,positive
I can just imagine his big ol goofy smile. Man I'm going to miss my governor.,positive
https://www.msnbc.com/all-in/watch/taylor-swift-endorses-kamala-harris-see-tim-walz-react-live-219048005739,neutral
"Let the ""illegal eat"" him. He is Trumps pet, after all.",negative
"If Kamala Harris becomes president, you can bet for sure vance's political career is dead from here on out.",negative
It wouldn't be Walz without dropping a few truth bombs.,positive
A lot of execs and owners of ai companies have jumped on trumps team and became huge donors because he is their path to displacing the workforce with deregulated ai.  Vance is already on the record  for no regulations on ai,neutral
"Don't forget that twitter had a load of AI 'Taylor Swift having sex with Kansas City Chiefs fans"" pictures circulated on it last year. It was at the height of NFL fans whining that she was giving their boys' game girl cooties.

She has plenty of reasons to be concerned about AI, and the people who use it.",positive
"Back around the super bowl, when republicans were claiming the entire NFL was conspiring to let the Chiefs win so Swift would have a more powerful platform to endorse Biden, someone posted a list of why trump was going to lose.  

I think #4 was something like, ""The polls are about even and Taylor Swift hasn't been activated yet.""

Activation, successful!",positive
"Textbook example of good people. I happen to agree with him on every issue I've heard him speak about. However, if I didn't, he doesn't strike me as a person I couldn't still get along with. That's sorely missing in the modern political climate here.",positive
And so is Kamala.,neutral
https://www.msnbc.com/all-in/watch/taylor-swift-endorses-kamala-harris-see-tim-walz-react-live-219048005739,neutral
"Aww they cut away right when she starts hyping him up specifically. I didn't need a reminder of what she looks like, I wanted to see him beaming!",positive
"It genuinely baffles me as an Australian that you have this bloke, one of the most warm and obviously electable chaps I've ever fucking seen come out of America, and then half the country are voting for a traitor who can only be described as the single greatest and historic embarassment that any American man ever had the unfortunate displeasure of not ending in a condom, at least until his Veep pick came along perhaps.

Kamala and Walz almost make me want to migrate to America, Trump makes me want to see the Pacific Ocean summon Godzilla to stop any American vessels from heading west to Australia",positive
Thank you!,positive
Amazing I teared up a little. Thank you!,positive
You KNOW he definitely wanted to take a commercial break and powwow with his kids,positive
I’m fucking giddy! wish I could see Trump’s reaction. Remember when he begged her not to endorse Biden at the Super Bowl?,positive
Taylor made the best endorsement of all time?,positive
"She has tremendous influence over the largest voting block. Women out vote men by about 10% in the younger demo’s. This especially cuts into his white vote, but it isn’t exclusive. 

Most importantly it’s mobilizing a very dedicated group of surrogates. Who understands social media on another level. If it’s a war in comment sections they want, they picked the wrong fight. 

Bad day all around.",negative
"Considering that the Kamala Harris website is now selling friendship bracelets, it was clearly planned in advance. He knew exactly when it was coming, but he did play it off well.",positive
"He really thought “I haven’t talked to my VP pick about important issues” was a good answer. Bro was fuckin LOST out there, get him a map.",positive
"JD Vance, coffee runner",neutral
"""I don't talk to Vance.""

I mean I get it, I wouldn't want to either, but you picked him bud.",neutral
He forget he wasn't debating biden for a while,negative
"Apparently he was pushed hard by Musk and Thiel. Party leaders wanted Rubio and Murdochs wanted Bergum.

Thiel got into Don Jr's ear and gave us this absolute gift.",positive
Don Jr. is the failson of a failson.,neutral
This is my take as well lol. It's just too stupid to be real.,positive
What a world we live in that somehow Sarah Palin isn't the worst VP pick of all time.,positive
Imagine being the dumb motherfucker who created those AI Taylor Swift images and seeing what havoc you have wrought on your orange idol.,negative
"Not only that, but a picture from her Time Person of the Year cover",neutral
"Almost like Kamala telling people to attend a Trump rally (and damn was that a masterful trap; he forgot everything else he was saying and got frothing about his rallies). When people actually see both sides, it's pretty damn clear who to vote for.",positive
It was a good idea for her to make the inference that she did the research and came away from that fully on Harris/Walz’s side. Smart because it’s providing a counterpoint to all the bitter Trumpists who will complain that “she’s only endorsing Harris because she was being bullied online” or “she’s only endorsing her because she’s a woman.” It also makes her seem confident that her fans will come away impressed with Harris/Walz after they look into their platform.,positive
"""JD Vance, you've repeatedly attacked vice president Kamala Harris on her border policy. If you were to be elected as vice president, what actions would you take on immigration policy?""


""I don't know, whatever makes sense.""",negative
"If Trump clearly and decisively loses PA, he has virtually no paths left to win.

He cannot afford to lose GA/PA/NC. If I remember correctly, he needs all 3.

P.S. [https://vote.gov/](https://vote.gov/) - Pick a territory, and follow this step by step if you still need to register too. There is still time. [It's not too late, and you are not powerless!](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jxO8g7q9VO3ZMAABcrvR7PMyX4Yl6dgIYhD3eRTKk1M/edit?gid=0#gid=0)",positive
"“Alexa, play Look What You Made Me Do”",positive
[removed],neutral
"This is why you know Trump and his team are all a bunch of idiots.

They picked a fight with Taylor Swift while making it perfectly easy for her to just play a reverse uno card and hit them back 100x worse, from a woman who despite being a nepo baby, actually is as successful as she is because she's smart, strategic and knows how to play her cards better than anyone else.

What the fuck did they think was gonna happen?",positive
I love how she’s like “now’s not the time for it to be about my music”,positive
May JD Vance remain for Donald Trump the gun that keeps shooting feet.,negative
"I agree. 

Taylor Swift is mostly a savvy businesswoman, but she’s a savvy businesswoman is also a childless cat lady that has been brazenly misappropriated by the Trump campaign. Some things are personal for her.",positive
"I was about to say, ""Leave Britney alone!""",negative
TLDR is Brittney Mahomes is the wife of Taylor’s Bf’s teammate and evidently a huge Trump supporter and Trump personally thanked her for supporting him at a rally and Taylor was pictured with her at the US Open this past weekend causing for rumors of “oh she must support Trump too if she’s still hanging with her”,positive
I think Patrick mahomes wife?,neutral
The slow blade penetrates the shield,neutral
"“I wanted ~~Cersei~~ Trump, to know it was me.”",neutral
Beautifully put. I came to say the same. That was fucking brutal lol.,positive
"""She twists the blade. He feels it.""",neutral
I have a feeling her or her husband's PR teams will tell her to be quiet for a while. And I bet she'll listen since money would be at stake,positive
"Taylor is like 50% of the reason Brittany is famous. She will keep her mouth shut, if she has any intelligence.",positive
"I mean, they’re dating/married to people who are presumably friends with one another given how long they’ve been teammates.

We don’t always get to pick exactly who’s in our social group, that’s a problem regular people face sometimes, too.

I’m sure they’ll both be cordial with each other, at least publicly, because that’s what normal people do",positive
Brittany is the definition of no skin in the game. Fascism is appealing to her sensibilities but if Kamala wins her life will change 0 percent.,positive
Fair enough,positive
Who is Brittany? Spears?,neutral
I don't think this is a deal breaker. It's not like they don't know each others' political leanings beforehand.,negative
"Thank you, I was like “what does Brittany Spears have to do with any of this?”",positive
Probably too busy trying to defend against the Ukrainians that invaded Russian soil. How the turn tables.,neutral
"As explosions start happening more frequently in Moscow, it is inevitable that the ""soldiers"" working for the FSB typing troll comments will realize that once the internet trolling stops working, their next likely stop is the front lines.  I don't think they're retaining much talent these days.",neutral
3 Mil,neutral
"Mid millennial with a ton of Taylor fans as friends, most if not all were already voting for Kamala. I think she needs to galvanize gen Z",positive
"While this is huge news for Kamala, you also have to keep in mind that a significant number of her followers are either not from the US or not old enough to vote.

I’m not going to pretend this isn’t a big deal, because it is, but let’s not get carried away.",positive
We’re coming out in to vote in our skinny jeans,neutral
Yes! 53 year old Swiftie right here!!!!,positive
"https://registertovoteflorida.gov/home


Deadline in this case is 10/7, so best not wait for that.",positive
Chappell Roan also endorsed this week and I am thinking it’s because voter registration will be a big topic of the VMAs.,positive
"even if he did, i still wouldn't trust him in my living room..",negative
"I actually had a theory back in 2016 that Trump, as a former registered Democrat, was actually out to destroy the Republican Party. It was a much more innocent time.",positive
Trump is terrified of this.  See his recent comments on the 25th amendment.,negative
"If trump loses, every single republican is going to pretend like they never liked him or supported him",negative
"If that ever ends up being true, name the street outside Trump's prison cell after him. Couchfucker Blvd.",negative
"This answer was pure face palm. And then “if we come up with something better”

Clearly admitted they’ve been unable to come up with anything better than Obamacare.",positive
And unlike MAGA army you really don’t want to mess with Swifties.,negative
It is said that the Swifties would be the 3rd largest economy in the whole world if they were an independent country.,neutral
How does it stack up against the allied K-Pop army?,neutral
"She got them interested in football.  All NFL teams are seeing an increase of women and girls trying to learn the sport.

Swift will make them aware of what’s at stake. Young women will take an interest in politics because they are smart and know they need to get involved.0",positive
It's Nice to Have a Friend,positive
"When you know the dumb Reddit comment is coming, but you still get choked up by the moment, Yep, that’s me right now.",negative
“And you deserve prison but you won’t get time!!!”,negative
Trump's campaign staffers currently desperately hoping he doesn't post some unhinged all caps rant on truth social about Swift.,positive
I feel that! Like.. “back in my day” she was a country singer!! What do you know about that T-Swizzle x T-Pain “Thug Story” song? Lmao,positive
100%. Trumps worst nightmare of Taylor finally speaking out is finally happening. It’s over imo,negative
Honestly I'm looking forward to the debate with Walz/Vance more than I was with tonight's. Vance is such a fucking unlikeable opportunist.,positive
Harris team immediately dropped friendship bracelet merch as well. This was well planned,positive
Seriously! Once I saw she did this I couldn’t stop smiling. It was like instant relief,positive
And he was in commercials encouraging people to get the latest Covid vaccine. No Trump supporter would do that.,positive
People really only call him one because they think he *looks* like a Trump supporter. White with the mustache he rocks at the beginning of the season.,positive
"Nah, Harris saved the country by beating Trump.",negative
It does and gives a shout out to Walz,neutral
"Yeah I feel like this could legit put Harris over the finish line which sounds nuts, but TS’s reach is unreal",positive
"Technically he's Peter Thiel's pet, not Trump's.",neutral
That's if they can get to him before RFK,neutral
He brings it back to the “would you want to sit down and have a beer with him?” level of politics. Missed that a lot.,negative
Right? Whoever was the segment producer clearly doesn't watch reaction videos.,positive
"(talking to his daughter)

""Hey honey! Does this mean I'm cool?""",positive
"I bet they got ""love story"" on their playlist during family trips lol",positive
"Believe it or not, almost half of her fans are men. I kept seeing people on Reddit bitch that she hadn’t done it yet. My response was she’s one of the best people at social media in the world. Over saturation of her politics will kill the impact so she’ll wait until the best possible moment to make the endorsement. And she dropped it right after the debate when all the news networks would have a lot of people watching knowing they would stop whatever they were doing to announce her endorsement. Her timing was *perfect*.",positive
“I asked JD and he told me to do whatever makes sense.”,neutral
"You don’t understand. 

The VP only matters if it’s a democrat because democrats are incompetent so it takes two people to run a country. But when you’re as smart as trump, the vp doesn’t matter because every decision he makes is correct and doesn’t need advice. 

Or something.",positive
"""whatever coffee makes sense""",neutral
"He literally couldn’t look at her, didn’t say her name once",neutral
"Rubio would have been much smarter, thank god they're so stupid",positive
The fact that Biden waited until Trump had committed to Vance before dropping out can't be underestimated. Joe ain't what he used to be but he still has stellar political instincts.,positive
"If I've learned one thing from the past 8 years, NOTHING is too stupid to be real.",positive
"Okay, good.",positive
Look what you made me do,neutral
Release the ~~~hounds~~~ Swifties!,neutral
"Which she accepted by [begging them to let her bring her cat](https://www.instagram.com/taylorswift/p/C0g87DEOmE6/?hl=en) to the photoshoot, haha. It didn't even occur to me that Vance's ""childless cat lady"" comment would be what pissed her off the most.",neutral
Doing my part to ensure he loses in NC.,positive
"Fingers crossed for a Texas surprise! They have the dems, they just need them to vote.",positive
"""Taylor's Bf's teammate"" is the fucking greatest way to refer to Mahomes I have ever heard. I want that on a Chiefs jersey with a 15.",positive
"Lol...it took me a minute to suss it out.  For a few minutes I was like, 'when did Britney Spears get a cat?'.",positive
If she had any intelligence she wouldn't be a trump supporter,positive
"The crazy part is - until Trump - differing political parties could be friends. Even with W. Bush - you could still relate. 

Trump and his message struck too deep to personal beliefs. The kind where “I can’t be friends with you, if you believe this way.” I’ve lost more friends during Trumps presidency that I ever had prior. 

The worst part is - the damage is done. I now know that’s what they desire in their heart. We’re just diametrically opposed to one another politically.",positive
She was I think joyfully hugging Brittany at the us open a couple days ago,positive
"Her life will probably get better actually, with the stability of a Harris presidency. Also when they shoot off to far away places they won't get shit for being American.",positive
I don’t get her. She’s married to a black man but votes for Trump? A guy who was sued for not letting black people rent? Who questioned Obama’s legitimacy? I mean why?,negative
"This is the only Britney I recognize, too. But they mean Patrick Mahomes' wife, the biggest celebrity Trump can possibly get.",neutral
"Respectfully, it’s Britney bitch.",negative
"You think they'd put more effort in. If Trump doesn't win and help end the war by stopping funding to Ukraine, the Russians will he handed a slingshot and sent to Kiev. 

Surely there is motivation there.",negative
"Dang, and it's midnight on a Tuesday on the east coast. It's going to keep climbing in the morning once the Swifties wake up.

Edit: 3.5 million as of now.",neutral
The guy above you was being generous with 1 in 200. At least 1 in every 200 of her followers is both over 18 and lives in the US.,positive
"Sure, some of her fans are kids, but I think you're overestimating how many. Taylor got famous at what, 18 or 19? She's 34 now. An 18 year old today would have been just 3 when she released ""you belong with me"" and ""love story"". These came out when I was in 8th grade. They were wildly popular among girls in my grade, and some guys too, though I imagine many eighth grade boys wouldn't admit it. She was standard wedding dance music just about right away, which would imply she has long-term fans currently in their 40s.

All this is very theoretical. On a more personal and concrete level, I know people in their 60s and 70s that are into her",positive
You best believe I’ll be casting my vote with some avocado toast and a PSL right next to me,positive
And now we just need K-POP bands to start coming out in Kamala merch,neutral
"As a Gen Xer, I appreciate the Swiftie army. They are loyal, and they will destroy anyone who stands it their way. They know how to coordinate large-scale campaigns. Plus, they add unexpected elements of surprise with their vendettas. ",positive
"I look forward to Trump's *inevitable* series of crude insults about Taylor Swift, because the backlash will be so sweet.",negative
The Popstar equivalent of NATO is yuge!!!,neutral
"As a confederation the K-Pop Stans probably outnumber Swifties, but there is considerable infighting amongst the factions and thus they aren’t united behind a single force in the same way, so Swifties probably take it.",positive
"they have live threads to watch games LOL, it's so cute. I heard that some people from the NFL sub join them because they are friendlier. (I am not a swiftie or an NFL fan, but as a phenomenon it's so fun)",positive
"Lord of the Rings has taught all of us that fighting an oppressive force is not only the right move, but sometimes the only move.",negative
“The bullet had just grazed”,neutral
"That collab was amazing, we need another one. T-Pain is a treasure and I'm glad he's getting a positive light on him now after people hated on his popularization of Autotune, but the man can genuinely sing, is a fantastic producer, and he seems to be enjoying life with streaming video games and drifting cars.",positive
That one might be a bigger beat down than tonight was. JD Vance is a poser with no integrity or mind of his own.,negative
And her concerts in Miami are the days immediately preceding the start of Florida’s early voting. ,neutral
Which absolutely DELIGHTED him when Rachel Maddow read the tweet while they were talking. It was charming.,positive
Tim Walz doesn’t drink alcohol. Which as a fellow non-drinker I think is badass. However I would be happy to sit down to share a Shirley Temple with him!,positive
"I noticed kamala's campaign had merch ready to drop for it as well. I imagine there was some coordination. 

Probably a great time for it:

Debate goes well: capitalize on the momentum with millions watching.

Debate goes poorly: blunt the impact of that by changing the topic to the Swift endorsement.",positive
"Okay, good",positive
"He tried to get out of shaking her hand too, what a spineless crybaby",positive
"To quote an unknown Ukrainian hero:

**""We are very lucky that they [russians] are so fucking stupid.""**",positive
It couldn't have been Rubio. They needed someone from somewhere other than Florida ,neutral
I don't know if it was planned but dropping out after they had spent their entire convention harping on the wrong guy was brilliant!,positive
Whatever makes sense,neutral
"Send Robinson and Trump both home packing and crying, friend!",positive
I’m doing my part to ensure he doesn’t win Kentucky… by what’s expected! But I can hope,positive
"Colin Allred is the rep in my district, I've been pulling for him for a long time.

He's been great for us, and I'd love to have him replace Cruz more than just about anything, especially if he helps us keep the Senate.

But man, Texas turning blue would also be brilliant. Harris rocked it with tonight's debate, no doubt.",positive
"Even though I read ""Brittany Mahomes"" the ""Taylor's Bf's teammate"" line still had my high brain thinking ""must be Harrison Butker's wife""",neutral
There are fundamental values I thought the vast majority of us shared and it was pretty shaking to realize how many didn't feel the same way. It really made me reflect on how we got here and why. It's pretty depressing knowing how many people were happy and willing to go to these lengths.,positive
I didn’t think it through that far but your completely right.,neutral
"A lot of NFL players vote Republican because they think it's better for their bank balances. I remember reading about Bart Scott being a very vocal Democrat supporter and irritating his teammates by trying to convince them they should vote Democrat because it would be better for the communities they grew up in.

But a lot of players also come from small, conservative towns where being Republican is as much part of the identity as being Christian and playing football.",positive
"Putin at this point has probably done pretty much the same thing that Stalin did from the 1930's and onward - everyone that was intellectual, pragmatic, charismatic or had the ability to be a usurper was disappeared, and no one left is crafty and beguiling enough to affect great change to anything inside or outside of Russia.",positive
"Uh, yeah, lots of fans in their 40s. 

Source: my wife and many of her friends. 

But to be honest, they were never going to vote for Trump in a million years and were already motivated to vote. Where I hope this makes a difference is encouraging younger voters to register and get out when they are more likely to sit it out.",positive
Low cut socks! (am I doing this right?),negative
Add in the gay furries and this shits a lock.,negative
"It has created an all inclusive community. I’m a man in his mid-50s. While I’m not a Swiftie, I am a father to wonderful daughters. When they come in the room ask “what is a cover 2 defense?” After YEARS of pretending I was dead(while watching football) it broke me as a man. 
Ms. Swift seems happy with her NFL star and I think everyone wins because of it.",positive
"""washed up and ranting about the same old bitter things""",negative
"If you watch the post-debate talk, they interviewed JD and asked him about abortion. They asked if he spoke to Trump about it, and he said no he hasn't spoken to him about it and there's no need to. Seems like they don't even talk to each other lol.",positive
Lmao he just stopped in the corner and she walked right up to him,positive
I love that calling Russians stupid in the quote still directly relates to the GOP shitstorm,positive
"This one still gets me, because it was a sentence that was just *so* out of place that it felt like he literally did not know what he was doing at all.  That could have actually been a good moment with just a little rephrasing.  Something along the lines of ""what do you recommend?"" would show a human connection. ""I'll try your most popular flavors"", or just asking people there ""hey, what sounds good?  I'll go with that"" would make it look from the outside like he had the ability to connect with people.  But he had to say the most alien, robotic thing imaginable.",positive
That is certainly the plan! I am genuinely insulted that the republicans want these hate filled monsters to run this country/state. I won't fucking stand for it anymore.,negative
"For good measure, let's get Jeff Jackson in as Attorney General. He's good people.",positive
Im doing my part too! Fucking awful we have someone as dogshit as Robinson running here,negative
"Honestly, red state votes still matter. Each time you shrink their margins and vote Dems at the local level, you weaken the GOP's ability to take control of your lives and harm your community.

Breaking their majorities makes it easier to protect future elections, counter gerrymandering, get abortion ballots out in future elections, or do whatever else is necessary.

Never, ever believe your vote does not matter. Far too many people in red states fall for that lie. Your vote will always matter, even if it's just in one or 2 of the local races. This applies in blue states too. Many of them have crucial house swing districts that can help give us back the House or protect our senate majority.",positive
Gay furries could release all the GOP’s secrets with just a few keystrokes. ,neutral
"I am also a mid-50s father of an 11-year-old girl who is a huge Swift fan.  She isn't interested in football (""It looks painful.""), but she does want to see Swift on the screen at the game when it's broadcast.

The CRAZY part is my father (in his 80s) has become a Taylor Swift fan (plays her music in the car) to connect with his granddaughter.  Every time we visit on Sunday for family dinner, he and she talk about the latest Swift news (with my 40-something sister).  He's suddenly so into it he took a Swift quiz and scored only one point behind my daughter!

(Now, if I could get him to stop watching endless YouTube videos about Swift/Kelce/ErasTour on his tablet, my mom would be very happy, too.)",positive
"😭😭😭

that's so heartwarming. I'm a woman and my dad was mine and my sister's softball coach for many many years when we were children and as a family we always watched baseball and went to games together. dad/daughter sports bonding is so special!! I'm so happy for y'all, I love hearing stories like this.",positive
"this is so sweet, so glad you have this connection as well with your daughters <3",positive
"Is JD Vance the worst VP pick of all time? Like after that failed assassination attempt against Trump, I was so sure he was going to win.

But then Biden stepped down, and JD Vance happened...",negative
Would you want to spend a bunch of time talking to either of them about policies? No reason to think either of them would want to do that either.,negative
The entire internet would collapse if 4 gay furries took a day off at the same time.,negative
Gay furries HAVE been attacking the GOP with leaked secrets. They were behind a lot of the [Project 2025 public dissemination](https://theintercept.com/2024/07/09/gay-furry-hackers-claim-credit-for-hacking-heritage-foundation-over-project-2025/).,negative
"MY HEART, omg this is so sweet. multigenerational swifties!",positive
"You gotta get your dad to play Mastermind when the tour kicks back up! We guess what outfits she’ll wear that night, songs that will be sung, and extra lil nuggets.",positive
"You answered your own question. 
>
“Is JD Vance the worst VP of all time?”
>
The people have spoken.",negative
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
Anyone that watched the debate knows she won the debate,positive
Trump was a coward who could not look his opponent in the eye. He was scared. It was obvious. We could all see this.,negative
"Anybody being objective knows she won. It’s hilarious and sad watching MAGA and Nazi types on Elon’s twitter denying reality and acting like he did okay.

He self immolated, if this isn’t covered constantly the way Biden’s disastrous performance was, then the media is just catering to the delicate feelings of Trump supporters",positive
"My favorite: ""81 million voters fired you Donald""...  :/",negative
">""She wasn’t very specific when asked certain things,"" one voter said. ""She knows how to pull at your heartstrings. She knows how to be dramatic in a way that will touch the heart of Americans while avoiding the hot button questions.""

Imagine saying this about Kamala, who talked about numerous SPECIFIC policies, whereas Trump legitimately said he had no plans. Just concepts of plans. Of which he shared NOTHING.",positive
"The coverage on Fox News has been insane since the debate.

The propaganda they are spewing is on a different level than I've seen from them before. They aren't discussing any of the negative moments; e.g, him bragging about Roe v Wade, claiming the 2020 election was stolen, or him not expressing support for Ukraine to win the war.",negative
"CNN had yet again another Trumper in their ""undecided"" voter pool.",negative
I still don't get the line on she has few facts. She was all facts. Trump voters are starting to grasp that they have the wrong horse and are starting their stages of grief.,negative
"People are not talking about the ""I have a concept of a plan"" moment enough. How do you hear something like that and still think this guy should be your leader?",positive
"Hey Rupert you shriveled old grape. The writing’s on the wall. You better do what you’ve always done, pivot to a winner or expect Fox News to die a slow excruciating death when your core audience dies off.",negative
"Register to vote : https://www.usa.gov/register-to-vote

•	⁠Check your registration here as well. Some states have purged voter rolls and you may need to register again. •	⁠Some states require you to register 30 days before the election you wish to vote in. •	⁠If you have questions check with your local election officials.

For fun: see if there is ongoing litigation surrounding your states election laws that cause the problems above.  All swing states, and many others- are currently being litigated to address the disenfranchisement of voters.

https://www.democracydocket.com/cases/

For extra fun: Project 2025: https://static.project2025.org/2025_MandateForLeadership_FULL.pdf

For a pointed analysis of Project 2025: https://kamalaharris.com/project2025/

I hope you take time to read project 2025. It has a table of contents so you can see what matters to you


For an independent analysis of trumps first term economic policy: https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-tax/the-2017-trump-tax-law-was-skewed-to-the-rich-expensive-and-failed-to-deliver",positive
You could almost say Trump didn't  have a concept of a plan on how to debate Harris!!,neutral
"People are increasingly realizing that the far-right Republicans are just doing the bidding of big corporations, often at the expense of ordinary people and the world around us. 
Go Kamala 🌊❤️🤍💙🌊🇺🇸🫶🙌🌊",positive
You know that it went really well for Harris when even Fox News's stacked panel thought she won.,positive
I wonder if Republicans are now going to be calling for him to do the right thing and step down like Biden.  He’s clearly a detriment to the election hopes.,positive
The early hours of the morning posts are going to be EPIC tomorrow.,neutral
"I got annoyed when Trump talked about immigration for the 4th time because by that point it was boring and proved Harris point he would talk about it even when it wasn't relevant.  




He continued to do it 2 more times.  






I was wondering if actual conservatives found the repetition offputting so I feel vindicated after reading that article. ",negative
Kamala destroyed the convicted criminal and made him fart like a cow. Well done Kamala. You won the vote of Taylor.,positive
"TBF, this year’s Chicago White Sox could have beaten Trump tonight.",negative
"That ding dong of a panelist is an idiot. ""Kamala says she wants to do all these executive orders, why doesn't she do them now"" The VP can't do executive orders dumbass",negative
"The thing is will it make any difference?

Had she performed badly possibly, I think all it did was consolidate people's choices.

The election will be decided by a few thousand people, most probably in Pennsylvania",negative
"I really liked seeing that intense “big cat on the hunt” look in her eyes when she got him to self immolate.  I also liked the way she casually escaped Trump’s rhetorical traps and flipped them into dominance positions for her. She’s no sleepy herbivore.

I am now totally comfortable with her representing us on the geopolitical stage.  I hadn’t seen that side of her before.",positive
Well I'm glad even them were able to see the truth,positive
This is great news - shows  that the GOP stranglehold is beginning to crumble... but man do I feel dirty clicking that link...,negative
"Yeah this debate is what did it for me. I voted Trump in 2016 and 2020 but it’s clear with age he’s just completely gone off the rails, and this debate proved it for me. I’ve been on the fence about him recently but after tonight I will 100% be voting for Kamala.",positive
Five of seventeen people in their watch group thought Trump won is the real news. WTF were they watching?,negative
"That was hard to watch. 

""Kamala had no specifics to her plans...."" While Trump is running on concepts of ideas. Give me a break. 

""Transgender Operations on Illegal Aliens in Prison"" and “eating the dogs…they’re eating the cats”... are you kidding me right now? What the hell is wrong with these stupid people?",negative
why does trump have no fuckin neck in that pic. whys his suit 20x oversized. who let him on stage like that lmao,positive
"I lost bigly. Everybody is saying it. Even Fox News is saying it. Billions of people are telling me “Sir, you lost bigly!”",negative
Vote as if she lost,negative
"On the Republican subreddit they all think Trump smashed it despite it being ""3 against 1"". Weirdos, the lot of them.",negative
"Sometimes you need to debate the pigeon, to show everyone that it's just a pigeon.",neutral
Not that it really matters but Trump was worse than Biden tonight. Absolute nonsensical answers.,negative
"She didn’t win the debate – she kicked his sorry ass all around that room
Trump was clearly wildly unprepared for the debate and thought he could get away with basically treating it like another unchecked lying fest that his rallies are– it must’ve been a cold streak of fear that ran through him when he realized ABC News was going to factcheck him on the spot",negative
"> ""She wasn’t very specific when asked certain things,"" one voter said. ""She knows how to pull at your heartstrings. She knows how to be dramatic in a way that will touch the heart of Americans while avoiding the hot button questions.""

She??",positive
The Done Don!,neutral
I became angry that the mods didn't allow Harris the chance for rebuttal to Oranges outbursts and nonsense. But then it was obvious the more he butted in the crazier he seemed.,negative
"He didn’t look presidential. Harris appeared competent, civil and studied. His arse was handed to him on every issue.",positive
"Fox News headline- 


Harris Guilty of Elder Abuse",negative
Even the fox panel said 14 to 6 that She won the debate🤨,positive
"I saw an article with 25 “undecided” voters. The two that still supported after the debate claim it’s because Harris didn’t clarify any of her positions. Meanwhile, Trump said he has the concept of a plan and they’re acting like he’s a genius. Gullible isn’t a strong enough word for these idiots.",positive
"Watch the video of the panel being interviewed to get a sense of how dumb the average voter is.  One of the people thinks Biden and Harris haven't done anything in the last 3.5 years.  He has no idea that they signed many massive bills like the infrastructure bill, the clean energy bill, the chips and sciences act, etc.  Absolutely no clue.  Another voter was still confused about Harris' race.  It seems some people really have a hard time understanding that she is biracial.  They can't comprehend that a person can be of mixed race.",negative
Fox News Headlne:  Trump comes in with a commanding second place in presidential debate!,neutral
"“With President Joe Biden and her at the helm, nothing has happened. All these executive orders, nothing. You’re telling me she has to wait until January 20th to do something?”

Yes, that’s exactly what we’re saying because she is the vice president currently :)",positive
Even Fox is admitting a woman bitch slapped his ass.  What a loser.,negative
"The simple fact that Trump keeps saying he won the 2020 election even though they have audited results numerous times and gone through court case after court case, is the definition of incompetence. Republican led election boards over and over have found no large instances of fraud. When they found fraud, it was usually for Trump! Unreal",negative
"> ""I think she won the debate from my perspective, because he was so bad and he just sounds so repetitive, but I think she’s weak. She’s weak on the substance and she’s weak on the facts,"" the voter added.  
  
I wish reporters would follow up on things like this. 'Which facts? which facts do you think she is weak on? how so?'",negative
"David Frum, The Atlantic:  “How Harris Roped a Dope”",neutral
"I was watching in real time just as a tourist to the channel, and I couldn't believe what I was hearing. 

  
Of course when I checked back Hannity was blowing smoke up Vance's ass, so it was back to usual.",negative
"I live in a Trump county—people have Trump flags flying in front of their old, beat up houses.  I was a little nervous to wear my Madame President hat around town until last night’s debate now I’m wearing it everyday and everywhere!",negative
"Waste no time registering in your local district. For now, until Taylor Swift shares more info: an NYT voting calendar: https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2024/us/elections/2024-election-calendar.html",negative
I don't know how to react to this.,neutral
I love how his loser followers are trying to claim victory!! REALLY????? How much Kool aid did you drink tonight??,positive
"Oh, the walls at Mara-Lardo will run with ketchup.",neutral
"Stevie Wonder be like, no shit?",positive
She ass whooped him so bad even Fox Talk Entertainment can't spin it for his benefit.,negative
And not just by a little.,neutral
The best part is that Trump now gets the rest of this week to slowly realize that his last best chance not to do jail time probably vanished after this performance.,positive
"Trump was a whole new self up there. We no longer saw the orange buffoon screaming nonsense 

We saw an apple baffoon screaming nonsense instead 

He is a man of many fruits",negative
Fox News showing objectivity? I can't believe it.,neutral
"Anyone else mis read this:  
  
""Asked why they thought Harris won, many voters expressed that Trump did not know how to attack his new opponent in the race.""     
  
as:

""Asked why they thought Harris won, many voters expressed that Trump did not know how to attack his new opponent ***on her*** race.",positive
"Holy shit, this panel. After the satisfying hand vote that Harris won the debate, they go on to say the stupidest shit you can imagine. I don’t think a single one of these saps will actually consider voting for the Democratic ticket. What a joke.",positive
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.foxnews.com/politics/fox-news-voter-panel-says-harris-won-debate) reduced by 85%. (I'm a bot)
*****
> A Fox News Digital focus group of voters across the board shared who they believe won the face-off between the 2024 candidates at Tuesday night&#039;s debate.

> Voters taking part in a Fox News Digital panel reacting to the debate said that Vice President Kamala Harris came away from the event with a victory.

> Asked who they thought won the debate, 12 voters on the panel raised their hand for Harris while just five indicated they believed former President Donald Trump won.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/1fe36gg/fox_news_voter_panel_says_harris_won_debate/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 2.02, ~693672 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **voter**^#1 **Trump**^#2 **won**^#3 **debate**^#4 **she&#039;s**^#5",positive
Trump just lifted himself three feet into the air by evacuating his bowels,neutral
No shit,positive
Oh he’s gunna be mad. Bigly.,negative
TFG gonna be shitting on Fox News* again. Let's see how long it takes them to toss his salad again.,negative
Common Fucking Sense says she won that debate.,positive
"When Fox throws Trump under the bus, you know things are over. The end  is near.  They just couldnt find a way to rescue Trump this time.",positive
"The thing I wish she would’ve done is when she have her spiel about the lies that we’d hear, for her to also say we’d see someone be truly “weird”.

He would’ve imploded!",positive
She already won when she walked out and shook hands.,positive
Total massacre,neutral
Your brain would have to be undeveloped to think otherwise.,neutral
But will they come to their senses and vote for her? I sure hope so,positive
"If you are bored today, check out the you know what subreddit. It’s uh…something",negative
Should be calling it a pig butchering instead of a debate.,neutral
Even Fox is like “bruuuuh”. It’s over.,positive
I have concepts of a debate.,neutral
She led him around on a leash from the jump. It was like the Folsom Street Fair on national TV.,positive
"But Tim pool said everyone thought their own side won? I’m confused, he wouldn’t lie like that?",positive
"They’re handling it super well.


https://x.com/JoshKraushaar/status/1833705751212122293


https://x.com/EWErickson/status/1833709926650130744


https://x.com/EWErickson/status/1833679832967684261",positive
"""Fox has gone woke!!!""",neutral
"“Here, have some of this kool aid and answer again!”",neutral
"The reason ABC wouldn't allow live aud? They were afraid Donnie's odor would cause them to run for the exits, screaming.",negative
"Well. Trump came in second, but Harris was only last but one.",positive
That takes a lot.,neutral
Five indicated Trump won... how long until we see reports that they are maga on their Facebook?,positive
So? She kicked the shit out of him.,positive
Give it a week. All they need is a couple of spins. They'll win it in post.,positive
"Screed coming in 4, 3….",neutral
"These panels are always odd. Who thinks you are getting detailed policy proposals in an answer to a question when you have two minutes to do so. And those criticizing Kamala on lack of substance but don’t say the same about trump? Also, driving me crazy, his one line that seems to be sticking is she had four years why didn’t she do everything she is trying to do? Yet he is basically running on the same things he ran on the first time and did not do. Or his extra stupid, if she would have built the wall? I thought you built the wall and Mexico paid for it.",negative
"Faux Entertainment says whatever it wants, but it ain’t News",positive
"Yeah, but DJT stock holders don't agree, it dropped over $3 a share overnight after that debacle. And there are only two types of people who had stock to sell last night, foreign investors who want to bribe him and the MAGA true believers. 

They are shook.",positive
"It cant be any clearer that Trump gets his talking points, literally, directly from 4Chan. Kamala did fine not great imo. But I think she successfully laid some good traps he walked right into. But Id state this sentence more like this: the old angry guy scowling and yelling the whole time--sometimes incoherently-- rambling about immigrants eating your pets and executing newborn babies without a semblance of a doubt massively lost this debate lol In case anyone forgot yesterday reminded everyone that Trump is unhinged, a dangerous loose cannon, and that his go to tool, hell his only tool, is fear...And I'm not some Democratic peon saying this either, Im indepedendent as they come....",negative
"Panel reasoning was the usual nonsense would expect from Fox News. 5 out of 12 thought he won and their biggest complaint was Harris’ wasn’t fact based and pulling at heart strings. Which fine don’t disagree as that is politics 101 but good god it shows how warped they are that the facts part doesn’t apply to Trump. He wouldn’t know how to pull at heartstrings if he was scripted and they let someone read the lines for him. The bar is so low for him that as long as he shows up, he did well.",positive
You mean Fox News Marxist RINO panel! /s,neutral
"Those panel members may be having threats against them and their families soon, if the past offers any indication.",negative
"From start to end, Trump looked like a frightened little boy. Weak and trembling, unable to look the adult in the eyes.",negative
"That's clever because I took a vote of all my family and friends and they all agree that I'm the funniest and prettiest. 

By my internal polling, I'll be winning the election in 2024. 

Take that, Fox News!",positive
You can tell this a group that wanted Trump to win and even then they couldn't bring themselves to it.12-5 is rough.,positive
And yet they report that Donald won. Fox News needs to be shut down,positive
She peeled the orange.  That was brutal.,negative
"Helen Keller would say she won’t the debate. The man is a lunatic and needs to be put out to pasture, not in the Oval Office. Plain and fuckin simple.",negative
"Trump said that he won the debate, so that's how you know he lost, since everything he says by definition is untrue.",positive
The echo chamber sub that doesn’t have the backbone to ever allow non flaired comments seems to think he won. We live in alternate realities,positive
Just won? She butchered him.,positive
"Yeah, their whining now is say that she must have cheated and gotten the questions early",negative
Everyone knows it. We all know it. And Grump knows it.,neutral
"Anyone with critical thinking skills should come to this conclusion. Sadly, there will still be undecided voters after the debate. The short, yellow bus will always be full in America.",negative
Knowing is one thing. Admitting is another.,neutral
Even the comments over on r/republican are saying tRump lost and messed up the debate. Lol,negative
Except Newsmax viewers.,neutral
"Anyone who watched Jan 6 knows there is no debate, it is not political or about policy, that Trump should have been arrested long before for being a traitor and should never have been sworn in 2016 because of his election fraud . It’s a hateful child yelling into the air to scare the weak minded and gullible people we know. He is a stain and a poison, not a debater, a policy maker, and never a president",negative
I put Fox New on and they were trembling in their boots; talking about how great he did for having been given the tougher questions. It was like watching the Twilight Zone. The gaslighting Fox does to its audience should be criminal.,positive
"Nah man MAGAts are crazy. Trump hasn't technically won a single debate in the history of his debates. Biden just looked really old, that's the only one. Trump never says anything of substance, ever.",negative
"even the ones who say he won know he lost , they just don't care because 'insert x thing' that they vote R no matter what.",negative
The Last Word Turd really walked himself into a jail cell last night.,neutral
Their cult leader is always a winner though. /s,positive
"I 've seen several ""news"" sources post GOP talking points from BEFORE the debate claiming they were reason why Trump won the debate.  They hope people didn't watch, and believe the BS.",positive
Don’t tell that to my mother who is listening by to Dennis Prager now go on a bitchy whiny tirade,negative
Unless you watched it along with people in the Conservative subreddit. Or on Truth Social. I invite you to check either of them out. They're delusional.,positive
Quote from my cousins Facebook “Trump is smoking her 💯”,neutral
Not my grandmother though :/,negative
His species has an instinctual fear of prosecutors.,negative
"She had him from the moment she forced the handshake and introduced herself. He couldn’t face her.

Check your registration if you haven’t lately. [VOTE!](https://www.vote.org/)",negative
"He didn't want to see that look of disappointed judgment on her face.
 
He likely did the same thing to his mother when she called him to task for being an idiot.",negative
"For a guy who kept repeating the cat lie, he sure looked like one.",positive
She set the tone early when she walked over to his podium and basically forced and handshake,negative
"wish she would have told him to look at her. 

LOOK AT ME DONALD",positive
" it’s wild to see how even Fox News couldn’t spin the debate in Trump's favor this time. I guess the whole ""strongman"" act just doesn’t work when you’re face to face with someone prepared to call out the nonsense. Seems like even some lifelong supporters are starting to see the cracks.",positive
"The thing about revolutions is that they happen slowly, then all at once, and when they start to die, there’s a moment when everyone knows the revolution is over—including the leader and their committed dead-enders—but the increasingly hollow pantomime continues.",negative
He’s too weak to turn his neck.,negative
That really stood out to me. I don't think he ever looked at her.,neutral
"Meanwhile Elon is on his Twitter, saying he’ll impregnate Taylor Swift.

https://x.com/elonmusk/status/1833728804579111268?s=46&t=UGuPlZKPxIIre61KB2mpuA",positive
Well he didn’t shit himself or use the N word so technically he did better than expected.,positive
"It’s like Monty Python’s Black Knight: “Alright, we’ll call it a draw.”

  
edit:typo",positive
The media will be tripping over themselves tomorrow to sane wash Trumps balls after his fail tonight. Gotta keep that horse race going!,negative
"yeah they’re posting the early results of an online poll from a Fox website that shows 92% of people saying Trump won the debate. Then Trump cited that same unscientific poll on Fox News with Hannity.

Like he clearly lost, so why are they pretending that 92% would say he won. At least pick a believable number.",positive
I read a few comments and turned it off. Delusional people saying everyone was against him and it was rigged. How does one rig a debate when he was able to freely talk?,neutral
"They always have, they are, and they will never stop doing that. Mainstream Corporate Media and their unfathomably unending source of greed has been, is and will always be the biggest reason why the situation since 2016 got this bad, they are squarely to blame for Trump’s rise to prominence.

Instead of shutting down FoxNews talking points, point blank, they have regularly given indirect credibility to them, so that they don’t alienate any particular segment of the population.

If media were to truly report objectively instead of doling out various flavors of truth for people with alternative taste palettes for reality, USA or more specifically a significant portion of the US would never have become this deranged. They see themselves as the fourth pillar of democracy, but I have viewed them as the jackhammer to democracy for a long while ever since they have shamelessly abdicated their responsibility for Trump mania.",negative
">MAGA and Nazi types on Elon’s twitter

I don't hate anybody, but I absolutely ***despise*** shills/hypesters like them.",positive
"They've had so much of the Flavor-Aid they think he not only did OK, they think he did a fantastic job and mopped the floor with her and both moderators, because it was 3 on 1 and the moderator bias won the election.",positive
Leon's*,neutral
The medias job is to sell advertising. Thinking differently is fooling yourself.,negative
You mean Leon?,neutral
"Elon needs to be investigated for election interference. Deleting Harris’ account, posting absolutely untrue and misleading things, etc.",negative
"Types? You mean bots, they’re bots. It’s ai driven bots programmed to parrot a message. ",neutral
"Or catering to Trump himself. How many times did the moderators try to move on, get barked at by Trump wanting the last word, only for them to immediately give him more time? Meanwhile the one single time Harris said she needed a chance to respond they shut her down. It was honestly disgraceful and she still kicked his ass. ",positive
"The media would be foolish not to capitalize on Trump’s downfall. It’s great TV. 

Watching him rant and rave alone is BORING. 

Watching him walk right into the traps his opponent sets? Gimme that shit!

That was the first time I tuned in since the final Biden debate. ",negative
"Counterpoint, the media getting all over Biden’s ass helped move Harris to the top of the ticket. Regardless of what Trump/GOP would do in the same set of circumstances anyone who doesn’t want to see him reelected should be happy about the way the first debate was covered.",positive
"Yes, but I'm not good at judging what crazy people think so I did need this to see what the other side's reaction was",negative
"The silence in my group-chat is deafening, this was a massive L",positive
Every article from every outlet I’m reading through this morning is roasting Trump and giving Harris the clear win. It’s a night and day difference to the previous debate. Him talking about migrants eating pets and illegal prisoners being made trans probably hit the final nail in his media coffin.,positive
"Did she dodge question? Absolutely, but the reason she won is that Trump utterly failed to nail her on it. It was like jujitsu: when she was on a tough topic, she pivoted to getting under his skin and so he felt the need to respond. She controlled the direction of the debate. For example, my butt clenched when she got the Afghanistan question and her response completely ignored the 13 soldiers who died. I thought for sure Trump was going to grill her on that, but he totally forgot to despite that being one of his primary attack lines.",negative
I believe it's Leon. Elon is not a name.,neutral
She didn’t start out great but she really got it going after the first 20 minutes.,positive
"My favorite was Kamala mouthing “this mother fucker” at Trump, realizing she was on live TV and couldn’t say that, and referring to him as “the former President here”. It’s towards the end of the second part of the debate during the Afghanistan discussion.",positive
"Mine is Michael Steele on MSNBC "" She ( Harris ) spanked that ass! """,negative
“He’s clearly having a hard time processing that.” 💀,positive
"There were a lot of great lines, but I loved when she told people to go to his rallies.  Such a subtle power move.",positive
"It couldn't have been more clear than in their closing statements. Hers was all about her policies and plans, his was just yelling about her.",positive
At least her answers were on the subject of the question. When Trump was asked if he regretted anything about January 6 he went right back to talking about illegal immigrants.,negative
"I mean there were a few questions she avoided answering, but for her it was a few as opposed to Trump where it was basically all of them",negative
Imagine saying this and then pointing to Trump as having specific policies. Not a serious person. ,positive
"I think the only thing she didn’t necessarily talk about was immigration but tbh I live in texas and I’m not seeing any epidemic of crime with immigrants… 

Also I’m not sure how they expect immigrants to vote?? Like how? Texas makes it so hard to register to vote already and we think immigrants are gonna be able to? Lmao",positive
"There *were* several questions she avoided answering entirely and just filibustered her time on. 

Didn’t change my mind about her one iota, HARRIS/WALZ",negative
"👏 

“Kamala was too emotional!”

(Trump rants and raves and whines, full of emotion, about losing the 2020 election and his rally sizes) “He was just expressing his opinion! He’s allowed to get mad about the stuff that bothers him! He’s a passionate guy!”

Just say that you hate women, “undecided” voter 🙄",negative
"While I agree Kamala made much more specific claims about policy positions, she also did give quite a few spectacular non answers. It felt very different when each of the gave a non answer Trump had no answers, was unprepared or unwilling to answer, and with Kamala she had answers just not to the question asked. The one that bothered me the most was when they asked her if she had met with Putin at any point, she said Trump is a liar and then said a bunch of stuff none of which was “no I have not” or “yes I have”",negative
">Imagine saying this about Kamala, who talked about numerous SPECIFIC policies

I felt like I was losing my mind during some of the live debate discussions because people were like ""but what are her policies!?""",positive
"This is the continuation of lopsided expectations that has followed Trump since 2015... Kamala is supposed to fix huge issues in two-minute sound bites, Trump can just rant endlessly about how terrible everything supposedly is. I'm sure Trump's performance won points with people that are already voting for him, but I'm not sure why he thinks that helps him.",positive
"That’s the quote that jumped out to me, but also for another reason - Trump exaggerates everything. Imagine saying Harris wasn’t specific when Trump was on stage saying every single Democratic politician and voter wanted Roe v Wade overturned, for example.  Talk about a double-standard.",negative
"I mean, change the pronoun and it’s Trump not Kamala in that quote. Making people viscerally afraid is touching their heart.",positive
"Yes, it's another bought and paid for press corp.  It's so sad that so many of the local news stations have closed and fired their journalists.  The New Republic reminds me of the underground radio stations that were around in the 60's where we could actually get a real idea of what was going on, because they press was so institutionalized it supported the administration.  (Which all really sucked)  I think that KPFK is still going.  We really need the equivalent now, it probably exists- if so, I haven't found it.

That's how we actually got decent music published.  

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLreN5xiTCY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLreN5xiTCY)",negative
There are so many Trump voters out there who just can’t say they’re voting for Trump. They know how stupid they’d look if they admitted it. So they’ll throw out any stupid rationale. It’s like pretending you cared about Hillary’s emails. They didn’t give a shit about that either. ,negative
"I find it wild that someone can build a presidential campaign in the US by saying the wild things he’s saying, constantly fear-mongering and never detailing specifics.

The man claims the country is constantly on the verge of destruction by everything he’s against, but in his infinite power he could magically fix it all without saying how.",negative
"His plan is probably the plan he denies having ties to, which is why he can’t comment on it

They aren’t even his plans",negative
She was literally giving exact numbers of her multiple policies.  If you're saying this about Kamala last night you're just trolling at this point.,positive
"By tomorrow they will have their debate talking points down and within a couple of days those members of Trump cult who still want in will be fed the new narrative.

Vote. Blue all the way down.",positive
This the is extinction burst before they have to acknowledge he's not doing well to preserve some reputation,negative
they know they're on the verge of being destroyed.  Putin put in extra pressure on all these Russian assets to save the insane moron.,negative
"I like how they call it ""The spin room"". Lol",positive
"Exactly.  They guy was punched in the gut, and babbling by the end of the night, and they aren't crucifying him like they did Biden, they are cleaning it up, spinning it, letting him get away with his totally disastrous effect on the economy.  I have no idea how a President who ran the country totally into the ground, and has stolen, cheated, and defrauded everyone he's dealt with in his business career, and used bankruptcy as a business strategy could possibly be considered better on the economy than Biden.  Is the press completely asleep?  

We try that as a nation-  and we will end up as Venezuela, and take the rest of the world with us.  Economic crimes are not victimless crimes.  Trump can afford all that gilded furniture because he has mercilessly trashed so many people with whom he did business.  I notice whenever they show Mar a Logo, it's not the utter decadent opulence that Trump lives with, it's a row of American Flags.  And he's doing it again- and Trumps threatening to close down the government if he doesn't get his own way on something yet again.  I keep wondering how this is not a more prevalent theme in the press.  

Yes we are all exhausted by the total media gaslighting, but but but!  We still have a terrific country and it's worth the effort to rescue it from the worst people in our society.",negative
"NBC also had a panel of 3 “undecided” voters with one being a “democrat.” 

During the course of the conversation the host lady slipped up and said something to the effect of  in 2016 you voted for Trump and the voter interjected and the host lady said well all 3 of you voted for him.

Oops.

These segments are all fake.",negative
At least they sniffed her out instantly this time,neutral
"CBS also has a bunch of trump fart sniffer around  for their ""undecided voter"" in Pennsylvania",negative
Fascinating how anyone is undecided between these two candidates,positive
"I saw that...

""I think Trump won the debate.

It's not about who you'd want in your wedding party, it's about who would run the country better

My life was better under Trump

*so you voted for him in 2016 and 2020?*

Yes.""

I just wanted the reporter to be like  ""well why the fuck are you here?""",positive
Perhaps Trump voters are unclear on the concept of “facts.” ,negative
I think it's cause the other moments with eating cats and transgender illegal alien surgery also show that and are just fucking funny.,negative
And he has had eight plus years for this!,neutral
"It was very ""forgot to do my homework""",neutral
"Since you asked I have a concept of theories that might explain this behavior:

Racism, Sexism, Anti-semitism, lgbtq-phobia, qanon'ism.",negative
Yeah the election is in two months and the inauguration in 4. You really should have your policies ironed out by now lol.,positive
"I was on the senior leadership team at a fortune 200 company. 

I saw someone say very similar words to an executive VP and I’ve never seen a bigger beat down from the executive to the team to the senior leadership team. In the real world you can lose your job for stuff like that.",negative
"AFTER 7 YEARS since the failed repeal in 2017 ALL HE HAS is a ""concept of a plan"".  So weak.  7 years and that's what hes got?!",negative
"That quote was a good one and should be focused on.  

He'd definitely been prepped for that question, because he originally tried saying that he shouldn't be expected to have any tangible plans since he's not president yet.  When the moderator preemptively countered by prefacing that Trump had been yelling these shallow, vague rantings 9 years ago while campaigning for his first election (then having 4 years to put a new system in place while in office), even Trump broke from his false logic for that ""concepts of plans"" response.",positive
He certainly doesn't understand the concept of love,positive
But then all they have is JD Vance 😂,positive
They can’t. He owns their party apparatus. Trump ain’t giving up the GOP grifting machine without a payoff. He will cost them dearly in every way possible.,positive
Can Trump even step down at this point? Biden wasn't the nominee yet. At this point the ballots are printed.,neutral
Step down for what? It's hard to step down post convention - convention means you're on the ballot. He could give it to JD Vance,negative
"I kept waiting for her to simply reply with “Remember, we tried to take steps towards solving immigration issues, and you killed it.  We’ve already talked about that, so let’s stop virtue signaling about something that you single-handedly prevented.”

Kind of like when she called him out on his lies about guns with her “would you stop lying about that.”",negative
"> made him fart like a cow

that made me spit out my morning coffee.",positive
"TBF, Raygun did better in Paris than Trump did in Pennsylvania tonight.",positive
It’s super nice of them to imbue the VP with the full powers of the President before she’s even elected like that.,positive
"It matters _because_ she appealed to Pennsylvanians effectively, and also the rest of the US. People underestimate momentum; in order for Harris to win she needs people who otherwise might not have bothered to come out for her in swing states, and the way you do that is by having momentum and excitement behind you. Having your friends be excited about an election is a great indicator of whether you'll vote, and Harris is consistently more popular than Trump, so more folks voting is good for Harris.

After last night's debate, it'd be really hard to go to your mostly apolitical neighbor and say ""hey, this election is really important, have you considered voting for Trump?"" On the other hand, there are 100 sound bites Harris created just last night that would handily convince many normal folks who just aren't involved in politics that she's a levelheaded leader with a plan.",positive
"Yes it will definitely make a difference.  Polling showed a quarter of voters wanted to know more about her.  Focus groups consistently found people didn’t know though about her and they weren’t certainty she could stand up to our adversaries.

There is a big block of gettable voters out there still because of the short timeframe of her campaign and she got a bunch of them.",positive
No doubt some of it learned as a prosecutor. Get the defendant to say something incriminating and then just watch them keep digging…,positive
Agreed,positive
"Good for you being able to recognize it.

I don't think people get enough credit for being able to take in new information and change their opinions. To me it's the hallmark of being an adult. Happy to have you on this side.

I'm curious what if any specific moments did it for you? Or if it was more the whole package (if you don't mind sharing)",positive
Welcome! We have punch and pie!,positive
👏👏👏 let's go 💪💪💪,neutral
I mean what is this account lol,positive
"I'm glad you finally see how wildly crazy this situation is. 

There's a time and a place, down the road, for legitimate conversations about policy and how to get America to where we want it, but it's not -- at this time -- a possibility with someone as gone as he is.

Thank you.",positive
Sorry to be cynical but are you serious?,negative
"Buddy I hate to break it to you, he was off the rails the second he got off that escalator 


Actually it’s pretty well documented he was a pile of shit far earlier",negative
LFG. Good for you and thanks!,positive
You actually voted for the fascist asshole? I served 5 years in the US military to combat Fascist. What is your excuse for supporting a fascist?,negative
Please tell me  you live in a swing state <3,positive
Vote as if you want this orange doorknob out of your life. Go early. It takes 15 minutes.,positive
"Volunteer, donate, talk to your friends and families.  When you're up on your opponent, it's time to bear down even harder. ",positive
It’s what helps them sleep at night. As they clutch their FJB flag and cry themselves to sleep.,negative
They conveniently ignore the fact that the mods gave Trump much more time to speak than Harris.,negative
"You forget, Trump has a concept of a plan.",negative
Maybe Trump got one of them free transgender surgeries we have all been hearing about.,positive
DoneAld,neutral
Part of me thinks they wanted to let him loose to help him sink his own ship. But who knows what was being whispered in the moderators ears through those ear pieces. Someone on the other side was callin those shots.,positive
They kept turning his mic on every time he tried saying something. Turn that shit off and continue,negative
"No really, I don't believe it. What's going on?",negative
"Yeah, they are something else over there. It would be funny if it wasn't so damn ridiculous.",positive
Only if someone from Russia paid him,neutral
Care to summarize? I hate giving Xitter any clicks.,positive
Fuck Twitter,negative
I really wish the post debate commentator was Samuel L Jackson and he just went around smacking the shit out of lying ass gop clowns like tom cotton.,positive
All of the best people are saying he won.,positive
Never believe anything until ~~Russia~~ Trump denies it.,negative
"You could see in his body language how dejected he was when he said he won, he knew he lost. Slightly different from the many lies that he actually believes.",negative
I don't know Trump really leaned in to talking and when he talked he talked about stuff that he was lying about which definitely beats Kamala who spoke with coherent outlines about ideas on policy that may help people outside of Leon Musk,positive
Trump also stopped short of asking about a droid attack on the Wookiees.,negative
Trump literally shit his own pants on that stage. I applaud VP Harris for having the self control for not calling out the stench it must have caused.,negative
"Seriously.  Wouldn’t it have messed up your reality if he said ‘Yeah, I think I shit the bed with debate’ afterwards?",negative
Check out his truth social post blatantly ripped and edited from either o donnel or maddow post debate reaction. ,positive
"When did that happen?

I had gone to bed shortly after the debate ended, but last i had heard he was down in the spin room claiming he overwhelmingly won and that polls were showing he did by 90, 80, 70 percent - whatever bullshit numbers he made up",negative
"If he walked out, did a dump then left he would still claim victory. He lives in a fantasy land.",negative
Has he said the debate was stolen from him?,negative
"Nah, the way you know he lost--or more specifically that *he* knows he lost--is that he's started complaining about how the moderators rigged it against him.  That's the real telltale, because he has to have an external reason for poor performance to protect his fragile ego.  

That's what all the bleating and blustering about ""unfairness"" has always been about.  He's a 9 year old screaming, ""You cheated!"" because he lost at Mario Kart.",negative
They have concepts she won,positive
"The cope there is palpable. They know he did terrible, and they feel like shit. There is no question about that.",negative
"He could have shit his pants, fell over and been removed from the stage and he would have “won”.  Maga will excuse anything and everything for the one true leader.",negative
"That place is the definition of weaponized stupidity, I hope the FBI is looking into the mods there and seeing if Russia is paying them as well.",positive
"It’s funny because people call this sub an echo chamber.  And while it clearly has a left leaning bias, people here at least were not afraid to say how badly Biden performed in the last debate.",positive
"ehh, they clearly know he lost based on their banning log of long term flaired users who said something negative. They absolutely know he lost, they just deleted and mass banned.",negative
You mean r/russianbotfarm?,neutral
"Not the ones that watched it. They know.
 
I've also seen comments from undecided voters saying they will vote Harris.",negative
I wonder how much of that sub is the paid trolls of various nations just bouncing off each other.,neutral
"The right wing meme now is “well it was 1v3/1v5” implying that—because Trump got fact checked—the moderators were against him.

It’s major cope, and demonstrates even they know he’s super weak.

But the funniest part isn’t that, it’s their response to “well that’s because Harris didn’t lie about things.”

They start ranting that she lies about <insert thing that she was factually correct about> and reveal their deep deep brain worms. Seriously, like they say she lied about covid, or the “very fine people” thing. Nope. Not lies.

Then they try to say Trump’s line about “why didn’t you stop Russia invading Ukraine” was a debate winner, rather than Trump demonstrating his lack of knowledge about the conflict & the executive.

They’re in a delusional world.",negative
237th trimester abortion,neutral
"None of the prompts were curveballs. Anyone who prepped should have anticipated all these questions and rehearsed them on their shortlist. Just shows that he wasn't lying about not needing to prep.

The extent of his prep was no eye contact, no accordion hands (which he eventually dropped towards the end when he stopped being able to control himself). His handlers definitely drilled those points in since it was very uncharacteristic of him. Handlers had to know that eye contact would trigger further immaturity.",neutral
"I’ve never understood that argument. Like, the questions are going to be the biggest current events topics, abortion, gun control, immigration, shit you said recently, and shit political opinion columnists have criticized you about. Has there ever been a surprise question at a presidential debate? And if there is one, you just pivot and talk about something else, like they always do. What is to cheat?",negative
"And all it takes is even just the most minimal critical thinking skills to see just how absolutely fucked up that moron is. It’s not even a challenge, but my God do we have some real stupid motherfuckers.",negative
"I don’t even think it’s purely a question of critical thinking, it’s about being honest with oneself. There are a lot of people that can only function listening to things they want to hear, and they’ll insist the “other side” is doing the same thing. There’s no solution for it outside of letting actions and outcomes speak for themselves.",positive
And strong women,positive
Well he is an invertebrate.,positive
How does slime mold know what a prosecutor is?,neutral
"""As the Trump slowly realizes he is trapped he deploys his last and most desperate defense, flop sweat and sour flatulence. The Prosecuter, however is undeterred and presses forward with the attack"" - David Attenborough probably",negative
that’s pretty generous to imply he has the capacity for introspection or morality,positive
He is such a weirdo. Truly proof that money can’t buy everything because he has no real sense of manhood or intelligence like people claim.,positive
Isn’t Taylor’s guy a pro football player?  Let’s get both guys in the same room and see if Leon still feels so inclined.,neutral
The guy has truly lost it.,positive
Eww Xitter is getting worse,negative
"God, he is so *weird*.",neutral
This man is far too publicly open with his breeding fetish.,neutral
What the actual fuck? That’s so predatory and gross.,negative
Link?? That's fucking crazy,negative
I can't tell if you're joking or not,positive
Nasty af bruh,negative
Maybe he wants to offload one of his kids onto her. He's got so many he constantly ignores.,negative
In all the blatant insanity I’m sure this will be forgotten by tomorrow. In any sane reality this guy would be getting lambasted but there’s so much competition in the Crazy Olympics,negative
What the fuck could he possibly mean by that???,negative
That is the weirdest ass thing I have seen in a very long time. What?,negative
Eww,neutral
Barf,neutral
"Yikes, that’s pathetic. 

Money can’t buy class. We all have something Leon will never have - a soul. :)",negative
"I do apologize, I don’t want to click that link - can you edit with the text if it’s not a massive text wall?",positive
Wtf,negative
"Musk said:    
Fine Taylor... you win ... I will give you a child and guard your cats with my life   
12:46 AM • Sep 11, 2024 • 37.6M Views",positive
"I mean, he shouted that PEOPLE IN SPRINGFIELD ARE EATING DOGS, THEY'RE EATING CATS, THEY'RE EATING THE PETS while Kamala laughed with perfect ""get a load of the crazy tinfoil hat guy shouting on the street corner"" energy. I don't think I could have come up with a more unhinged line. Everyone knows he's racist. Racists like that he's racist. This is... Wow.",positive
"> Well he didn’t shit himself...

I think he might have, though, when she went over to shake his hand.",neutral
"I mean, none of us were on stage to smell the odor from his diaper.",neutral
I could 100% see Trump shouting “I’ll bite your legs off!”,neutral
"They tried in the debate too, let him last word most topics and refused to make him follow the time limit rules.",negative
"> so why are they pretending that 92% would say he won. At least pick a believable number

Funny, we always say that about “elections” in places like Russia and North Korea too.",positive
"They’ve been in “Dear Leader,” territory for a while now.",neutral
"Breakfast Television Toronto (morning news program) ran a poll of viewers this morning and 19% somehow said Trump won the debate 


Even 19% is way, way too high for anyone who can think in general lol. And this being in Canada, not even in the country its taking place in 


American far right politics really do be infecting Canada as well",positive
"If anything he was getting favorable treatment, even if that was ultimately to his detriment. 

He was constantly speaking over the moderators, who would relent and give him extra time. When she tried to get an edge in to respond to those moments, they shut *her* down rather than give her equal time in response.",positive
"The biggest complaint was that the debate was rigged because moderators fact-checked Trump more aggressively. They called out his claims that migrants are eating pets in Springfield, Ohio. They talked to the city manager who said there were no credible reports. And they called out his claim that babies are being murdered after being born. One of them said that there is no state where this is legal. Two prominent corrections about statements that Trump made. 

""*They continued to engage in so-called fact-checking of Donald Trump. They never did that to Kamala Harris.*"" - Tom Cotton (R-Ark).",negative
"They think it was rigged because the moderate stated: That murdering babies is illegal in every state and that immigrants are not eating pets.

They are doing the ""Reality has a well known liberal bias"" for real.",negative
"not just freely talk, but had 50% more time TO talk. The debate moderators were clearly requested to let him rant and rave. REmember Harris was actually in favor of open mics to let him do such.",positive
It’s a whole ecosystem over there.,neutral
Leon Skum,neutral
"Even more importantly, their job is to keep people watching, clicking and reading. For that, they need to paint the narrative that this is close right up until the end.",positive
There’s a clip of her saying (and laughing) that’s her favorite curse but she qualifies either “with an ‘r’” *or without an ‘r’* (ie: “muthafucka”) — I can’t remember.,positive
"I must have missed that part, I gotta rewatch that now.",negative
"please! do you have time-stamps, that's hilarious.",positive
Steele was *living* tonight,neutral
The guy who was the RNC chair?,neutral
"That was the first part of his closing. The other 75% was yelling about Joe and Hunter Biden, who aren't even running!",neutral
"Moderator: So would you veto a national abortion ban, yes or no?

Trump: Illegal immigrants!!

Moderator: So do you have any regrets about J6? Yes or No?

Trump: illegal immigrants will eat your cat!!

Moderator: so do you support Ukraine’s right to defend themselves, yes or no?

Trump: illegal immigrants are getting sex changes in prison!!! Covfefe!!!

Moderator: okay…",negative
I was a little sad that Kamala didn't circle back to her point about how Trump constantly brings up immigration in every answer *except* the one about how he pressured Republicans in Congress kill the bipartisan border bill to help his election chances. Suddenly he wanted to talk about anything but border security.,neutral
Trump was asked point blank yes or no multiple times if he would sign an abortion ban as well as a few other times (I think regarding January 6th?) and he refused to answer. It’s so silly that kamala is getting more criticism for dodging questions especially when someone of the questions she dodged were like “can you explain 3 complicated policies in 2 minutes”,negative
"I thought she didn’t need to dignify that with an answer. It was an outright lie, and she called that out. It’s a matter of public records, anyone can check her schedule. She met with Zelenskyy, not Putin.",positive
yeah those are not undecided voters those are the closet racists or sexists who have to make up a reason as to why they cant vote for her.,negative
"It’s always a fun game guessing what their talking point will be and what stupid conspiracy theories will be on social media. 

The longer it takes them to put something coherent together the more you know they’re fucked",negative
"And then they'll come here to make fools of themselves and leave behind a graveyard of forgotten buried comments, as is tradition.",negative
"Don't be naive, they will still support him till the end. Conservatives cannot admit they are wrong because that makes them weak, which is everything they loathe",negative
It aint up to them. Trump will run again if he wants. He’s got the GOP by the balls.,neutral
Can’t be an extinction burst if someone is still reinforcing the behavior.,neutral
Can u link that one? Cant find it. :P,negative
"Your criticism of NBC is odd. 
Do you think there aren’t people who are undecided right now _and who also_ voted Trump in 2016?

There’s a ton of those dumbasses out there my good man.",negative
The NBC 'undecided' voters were all 2 time trump voters fyi.,neutral
"Not that I think the segments are real

But their previous voting history doesn’t mean they aren’t undecided for this election. 

Undecided just means they a) haven’t chosen a candidate to vote for or b) are unwilling to make a choice and will not vote",negative
"This makes no sense. 

You think they needed to be undecided forever ? 

😂",negative
"Ok, good.  Whatever makes sense.",positive
"No doubt.  It was glorious.  

I hope we start seeing some good polling results soon.  She really should be double digits ahead of Trump.  

I think her dominance may even peel MAGA voters away from Trump.  They like to be dominated.",positive
There is also weed and tacos.,neutral
Yeah this is their only comment ever.,positive
When youre trapped in the bubble looking out reality really is warped. Regardless yell at people who are STILL supporting the fascist not the ones who are changing.,negative
"Hey, take the wins if someone changes. We need to hope that people can be open to truth.",positive
"Dude, don't shit on them for seeing the light. Every voter who shifts from the felon to Harris is a win for us all.",positive
Take a win as a win.  Jumping people who are doing the right thing is self defeating and petty.  It discourages people from doing this in the first place.,positive
You need to realize that we all have very different individual life experiences. You know 0.00000001% of what has happened ,neutral
It’s only taken a decade to get there as well,positive
"Kind of fun really, as they mostly correctly shift some of the blame to the other crazies on X, with Erickson specifically cursing out all the people making up the pet eating rumors, since that was then consumed by Trump, only to be spewed out during the debate to very negative effect. 

Basically Trump is so in the conspiracy web, that it's actually doing real damage to the brand.",negative
"Seriously. God I hope it burns to the ground, cause it’s just a fucking cesspool at this point.",positive
"Say border one more time motherfucker! I dare you, I double dare you!",negative
"As an Arkansan, I would love to see that. Pretty please.",positive
"The Cats and Dogs of Springfield would agree, had they not been eaten.",positive
"Big guys, the news commentators like you've never seen, said ""sir, you were treated so unfairly, but won that debate by the biggest margin, margins like you've never seen."" And they are so impressed, people, like and more. Some of the... Great. Like we love Bobby Cronkite, right folks? One of the greats. He's never seen a performance like I had. ""Just the facts"" he used to say. The best kind of facts, and facts like you've never seen. ",positive
“The devil bowed his head because he knew that he’d been beat…”,negative
"its because hes only running in order to pardon himself and shield himself from the rest of the judgements that he cant pardon himself for.

I think hes coming to the realization that his 2016 win was a fluke that he cant recreate.",positive
"A comment yesterday in response to something I said also anagrammed his last name.  


Leon Skum",neutral
"bro, he was up there yelling and cursing like an elderly neighbor who needs assistant getting to the bathroom before he shits himself. He absolutely dropped a deuce in his depends that night.",negative
[He was bleating about it on Truth Social immediately following the debate.](https://i.redd.it/vwmbqip9h3od1.jpeg),positive
Concepts of a plan,neutral
"They were quiet on the debate all night until Taylor endorsed Harris. Now it's all tall about how celebrities should stay out of politics.


Sorry Kid Rock, Hulk Hogan, and even Rob Schneider didn't move the needle for you guys over in Maga-land.",negative
One comment I read said they’d watched the debates between T and Hillary several times and that T was “much more restrained” this time. My only question is… why? Who is rewatching old debates several times for funsies? What a strange hobby these folks have.,negative
There’s a banning log..?,neutral
"I think that is a large part of it for sure. When you do see any reasonable conservative takes, you see it get quickly stifled.",neutral
Trimesters are 1/4th of a year,neutral
"It's been noted before that the more he lies, the more his accordion comes out.",negative
"Honestly I thought the questions to both candidates were more than fair.  I didn't like that ABC moderators let Trump getting  the last word in on rebuttals, but in the end ABC doing that courtesy ended up helping Harris.  But you are spot on.  Those questions were all fair for both candidates and were essentially softballs with adequate prep.",positive
"Yeah, I could have answered all of those questions with a firm opinion. Which is great, they were perfect for the undecided voter.",positive
Right.  A fifteen year old could have predicted those,neutral
I actually fear how much more broken their brains will become if she wins. Having a black male President already made them pants-on-head crazy.,negative
Years and years of experience,neutral
Always have to delouse a prisoner before you put them away.,negative
"The literal embodiment of the idea that money can't buy happiness.  

More money than anyone in the world, yet his kid won't talk to him and spends all day on social media posting stuff from r/iam14andthisisdeep",negative
"It's quite telling in the way that he makes sure that people know who he is, and what he has ""done"".

You don't hear the CEO of General Motors (of which can you name without googling) doing something like this",positive
He did back out of a rumble with Mark Zuckerberg.,neutral
"> Leon

Hahaha",positive
He’s huge.  Could probably just grab his head and let him flail.,positive
It would look like the bear fight in The Revenant...,neutral
"He's just the same as Tim Pool, because he's getting paid millions for his podcast. And Pool has to take Russian money",neutral
It's a masterclass in lowering the bar,negative
Naw… it’s always been that bad,negative
I am having trouble interpreting it as anything other than a rape threat,negative
https://x.com/elonmusk/status/1833728804579111268?s=46&t=UGuPlZKPxIIre61KB2mpuA,neutral
I am not.,neutral
[It is in fact completely real. Swifties are going to be out for blood after this and I’m with them](https://x.com/elonmusk/status/1833728804579111268),neutral
He has at least twelve children with at least three women. Take a guess.,neutral
It wasn’t even his most unhinged line! He said Harris wants to perform transgender surgeries on illegal immigrants in prison!,negative
Her laughing at him was the best part of the debate. It's absolutely how you handle his crazy. Make him a laughing stock,positive
Harris: “You’re a loony.”,neutral
"""What are you going to do, bleed on me?""",neutral
Tis but a flesh wound,neutral
That’s the rest of his campaign.,neutral
"If I've learned anything over the past decade, it's that 20-25% of the population is functionally insane.",negative
"Biased corrupt media!! Trump was right with this one, it’s just against the democrat nominee.",negative
"This was the most upsetting moment of the debate for me.  She literally said “just this one time…” and they absolutely shut her down.  I was annoyed that they kept unmuting his mic, but then I realized it really was only helping Harris.  The one time she wanted to rebut though, NOPE.",positive
Maybe if she had lied they would've fact checked her also,negative
"Yeah it's hardly the type of ""live fact checking"" I think many imagined but it makes sense. Only the most egregious ridiculous lies were fact checked so it only happened like 3x to Trump. But I was fine with it, there's limited time unless we're doing Pop Up Video style so just get the most insane statements your grandma is likely to believe. And on the flip side, Trump got double the speaking time which didn't really help him, and denied Harris the 1 request she made for extra time. ",negative
"The thing is, those two lies are so ridiculous. Fact checking them is like saying “no, the moon is not made of cheese”. I mean, come on… republicans believe the absolute stupidest shit.",negative
Exactly.,neutral
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhrWJZO5LaE,neutral
"It’s a blink and you’ll miss it thing, but it’s a weird place to be struggling with words unless you’re holding back from something you can’t say on air.",negative
Here's a [link](https://youtu.be/MAm5OCgZ6so?t=8292).,neutral
I unfortunately don’t but it’s during the Afghanistan portion in the second half.,negative
Yes. He hates Trump.,negative
"He's so pissed he's not running against Biden, you could see it all night.",negative
"Moderator:  So then, what is your plan for deporting these immigrants?


Trump:  Let me be clear, Kamala is the one who let these immigrants in.  They're totally destroying the fabric of our country [continues blaming Kamala for another 100 seconds without ever explaining how he would ""fix"" this existential threat].",negative
"I would have liked her to point out that the end clients pay the tarrifs, not the chinese. Except that doesn't help with the current policies.",neutral
The current one is that Harris’s earrings were headphones. I legit seen someone arguing they look like H1 with a side by side photo where you can clearly tell the difference. Spoiler:they’re not.,positive
"They'll focus on two things:

- Biased moderators (lol, ok)  
- The Israeli/Palestinian conflict  

The first one is a tried and true Republican talking point that has come in various forms. Usually the words ""liberal media"" are involved. 

The second is a point that has been amplified over the entire course of the conflict to dissuade people from voting. It was clear from the jump that this is what they'd do. Despite the fact that Trump has literally said he'd ""finish the job"" it may work on some people. 

Bonus:

They may try to amplify political speak of non-answers. Again, hilarious in the face of Trump who couldn't stay on topic even if he actually wanted to.",positive
"Bush v Kerry, 2004. Early results in the afternoon appeared to be heavily in favor of Kerry. I spun my radio to AM to catch Sean Hannity’s opening radio show monologue. He was lambasting Bush and saying the GOP had embrace immigration to win Hispanics. Later it became clear that Bush was stronger than initially thought and would likely win. 

Hannity immediately switched back to W is great and fuck them immigrants without even catching his breath. When the stench of loss is too strong to ignore, they will tear Trump apart and pretend to never have heard of him.",positive
"And they figure they don’t have to admit they’re wrong, because they can throw wrenches in the gears when the Dems are in power, but only by a bit, and say “See? Should have gone with our guy!”

Soul-searching is beyond their capacity. They are not fully functioning adults.",negative
"It's much darker than that, they can't admit they're wrong because they think god is on their side and that means 0 negotiation, 0 give, 0 accountability, 0 compassion, 0 empathy. They think they are right and mandated by god and trump is his figurehead. They are absolutely sick in the head.",positive
"Agreed, but there’s no way with that dude’s lack of physical fitness, his age, his weight, and the stress of not having his investigations dropped alongside his continual rage-baiting will have him around to run again, imo",negative
"Wow can’t believe I found it and even more shocked they left this unedited.

https://www.youtube.com/live/SGRydccYp0c?si=YxEFVBpjeif-ys6Q

The big slip up is at 7:44:40.",positive
This is never not going to make me chuckle.,positive
I am still waiting for a taco truck on every corner.,neutral
I have 2 stepchildren and their spouses who are TrumpliKKKans. This shit hits home with me.,negative
You are right in a way but my point still stands.“,neutral
"After he loses this election he's going to walk the earth, like Caine in Kung Fu, to a non-extradition country.",positive
He skipped a gear and spun a ruse on pets that Haitians eat.,neutral
i saw that somewhere yesterday as well. i like it much more than the standard elmo or elongated muskrat. because what have elmo and muskrats done to deserve that?,positive
“ People are saying” is trumpian for” I AM LYING‼️‼️‼️”,negative
The orange felon has been working on his fantastic health care plan for 9 years now...with nothing to show for it. Definitely a stable genius 🍊 🤡,positive
"Trump posted a fake AI endorsement from Taylor Swift. What did they expect her to do?

She practically had to publicly endorse a candidate after that.",positive
"The unknown nobody Donald J Trump, maybe he should get on a TV show or something, get his name out there.",neutral
"😂 Yes, Trumpanzees, Taylor Swift’s 2024 presidential endorsement is so irrelevant that Trump pretended that she endorsed him and then happily bragged about it.",positive
Or now Dennis Quaid doing a Reagan movie 🙄,neutral
"No no, you misunderstand… D list has beens do t count as celebrities",negative
They probably count watching clips on YT as watching it,neutral
I was really stoned and didn't even go wait it's a third of 9 not a third of 12 lol,positive
Down ballot vote and a landslide win in house and senate is necessary for legislation to pass to protect the U.S. from these nuts in future elections. SCOTUS ethics with teeth. We need a bigly win.,positive
Hopefully they just die quietly so the country can finally heal and move forward.,negative
"We're done making our choices based on fear of how the other side will react. 

Obama neutered the fuck out of himself to appease Republicans, we know better now.",negative
"Right, so it's not instinctual.  It's a learned fear.  Learned from a lifetime of lying and cheating.",negative
I'd have thought you could buy enough ketamine to make yourself happy but he even ruined that dream for me.,negative
"For anyone who didn't catch that reference, it's because his new best buddy Trump forgets his name in his fascist rallies and calls him Leon.",positive
Gross. How do you even think like that?? Oh she definitely wants a child because JD Vance insulted childless cat owners ? How do you get to that?? Even applying schoolyard mentality it’s fucking stupid. What a simpleton.,negative
Maybe Leon just meant he would give her one of his. Heard the guy has a couple dozen at this point.,neutral
Would love to see Kelce bump into Leon in public.,positive
Isn’t he one of those “have as many children as possible cuz my genes are best” guys?,neutral
That one was way the fuck out there. I had a legit wtf moment when he said that. That’s a line one of us would make up as a sort of crazy-person-conspiracy-thought-collage as a joke to express the level of insanity these people operate in but not something we’d necessarily assume they would conclude or even present as a known lie that’s supposed to be convincing. That’s Onion article level crazy. But that stupid fuck actually laid that on the table. Fuckin nuts!,negative
And went on a rant about how his rallies are the best in history.  Walked right into that one.,positive
Not just a lie.  It needed to be a completely crazy pants lie to get fact checked.,negative
"I wanted him to call her a bitch, because the hellfire that would ensue would be the funniest thing alive.",positive
"Any real republican would hate Trump more than any democrat ever could.

The guy turned their party over to the most extreme members and has done irreparable harm to the party.",negative
One of us one of us,neutral
I saw an angry old man get his ass spanked! Of course he wishes he had a weaker opponent.,negative
"I mean. She had to clarify multiple times that she was, indeed, not Joe Biden.",neutral
W didn't have a cult that will commit violence if Republicans didn't do what he said.,negative
They already bailed on Trump when DeSantis appeared to have lots of momentum. Then they circled back to the orange fascist after DeSantis imploded.,negative
">When the stench of loss is too strong to ignore, they will tear Trump apart and pretend to never have heard of him.

There's just one problem: Trump isn't going to accept being unseated as the head of the Republican party. He's going to fight tooth and nail to remain relevant even if it becomes clear he's no longer electorally viable. He'll lash out at anyone who moves against him and those attacks will be highly visible due to ongoing coverage of his legal entanglements.

Which introduces another crucial point: the electoral interference trial is going to be a national spectacle. Trump and former members of his administration are going to be scrutinized for one of the worst betrayals of the public trust in American history, an incident that many Republican figures have been blatantly lying about since it occurred.

Trump will be frantically trying to rally the party behind him, casting himself in the role of martyr and telling his supporters that he's all that's left standing between them and tyranny. That rhetoric will grow increasingly unhinged if a conviction begins to look likely, perhaps even to the point of incitement.

They will not be able to abandon him. They will not be able to quietly move on. Ultimately they'll be forced to make a choice between endorsing his version of events or breaking with it. Both options are unappealing.

If they join ranks behind Trump and attack the legitimacy of the trial they'll turn him into a cause celebre among Republicans. His grievances and lies will continue to warp the party's platform long after it's become obvious it's a losing formula.

On the other hand, if they accept the process and verdict as legitimate, what message does that send to their supporters? ""Sorry guys. Turns out Trump's actually a monster, everything the Democrats have been saying for the last eight years is true, and we've been lying to you about it the entire time.""",negative
See: the border bill.,neutral
"Quite fascinating that the guy complains that Trump is trying to appeal to moderates by toning down his insults and rants and that he had stopped talking about ""America First"". It seems apparent that the guy is on the right and is only saying he is undecided because Trump is no longer appealing to his base instincts any more. It would either be Trump or ""None of the Above"".",negative
Wow someone needs to save that clip and repost it elsewhere,positive
I absolutely get that. I escaped the far right religious information ecosphere just before the rise of trump and even then i lost family and community in the process so I probably have extra sympathy for people who are coming to the realization theyve been duped.,negative
Didn't say you don't have a point. Just don't use it to bludgeon voters who are now supporting Harris. That would only serve to push them back into the trump camp.,positive
"You know, he does look a bit like David Carradine.

He probably has the same hobbies.",positive
"So, seeking asylum?",neutral
And yet she waited until it was the perfect timing to do so.,positive
Best we can offer is reality TV.,positive
Clearly this is why they leave the rallies early. ,positive
I am onboard for the big win - let’s do this,positive
They don't do anything quietly,neutral
"In Canada we have a well-known furniture company called Leon's.  My childhood is full of their damn ""Leon's Don't Spend a Cent Event"" commercials.  

Every time I hear Leon, I think furniture.  Elon better hope JD doesn't make that same connection...",positive
"""Wow! It's a ~~Elon~~ Leon!""

*points at truck that looks like it was made in Minecraft*",positive
She signed her comment as a Childless Cat Lady so I assume that’s what he meant but also he’s gross,negative
"He claimed it happens to kids in school too. Go to school as a boy, come back with Gender Re-Assignment Surgery.


Nobody mention the fucking recovery time is more than a schoolday....",neutral
"You know he was cooked when he absolutely COULD NOT help himself and stopped to say “Hold on, let’s go back to the rally thing. Akshually, my rallies are the best.”

Played him like a god damn accordion",neutral
It didn’t take much effort to bait him into that or anything else man really showed how far gone he was,neutral
"Well, he did say she puts out. Last night was just gross.",negative
"that is a very generous interpretation of the party.

All Trump did was make it okay to say the quiet parts out loud, and it isn't like the *extreme members* were some fringe minority of the party. They are the party.",positive
"Half those Republican assholes that were spinning for him last night hate his guts too.  They're just incredibly spineless, power-hungry losers.  Looking at you Marco Rubio.",negative
I hope the cult burns the GOP to the ground in their rage. The cult is insane and the party is corrupt traitors. A pox on both.,negative
"Yes, but this is his last dance. There won’t be a Trump 2028.",positive
"I saw that too and it was incredibly enlightening. That guy made me realize how insulated of a life I live, because he was less intelligent than anyone I have had to interact with in years.  I mean, even the least educated people in the communities I regularly interact with, aren’t stupid enough to admit “I want a candidate who lashes out and insults people more often.  I’m disappointed that the candidate I want to support is trying to win more votes by appealing to a larger number of my countrymen”. 

That guy’s ignorance was a huge HOLY SHIT moment for me.  “This is America” 😬.",negative
Ann Coulter was “done with trump” after he wasn’t hawkish enough on immigration.,neutral
"Yeah a wiz better come quick before they take this part down. It’s a matter of time. I wasn’t even watching, just left it in the background but when I heard this I had to do a triple take. Unreal.",positive
My stepchildren and their spouses are not religious. They are racist assholes.,negative
"You are right but as a person who took an oath to defend the US Constitution, Fuck them! Jan 6th gets me really pissed off.",negative
Deviant Americans often end up in Thailand. Epstein Island part deux,neutral
We wait with bated breath.,neutral
Yeah it's his attempt at tongue in cheek humor that just...absolutely doesn't play to anyone but his own fragile ego.,positive
"Yeah, that one was also a wtf moment for me the other day. Just totally insane. You have to have severe brain rot to think that’s even plausible.",negative
He said what?,neutral
"Republicans are authoritarians. Full stop. They believe in a “natural hierarchy” in which people naturally rise (or fall) to their “rightful place.”

What you’re seeing with Steele is the clash between two philosophies under that idea. Older Republicans are basically monarchists. They want a hereditary executive under the ideal that the ruling family is someone trained from birth to lead, well-educated, intelligent, who places the needs of his people in highest priority. A benevolent emperor.

Trump shreds their entire social Darwinist dreamscape. He is not intelligent, not trained, uneducated (despite a ridiculous opportunity which he ignored), and places his own desires first, last, and always. He is not benevolent, nor is he imperial. He is a stupid, vindictive, selfish, corrupt, weak, shit-slinging monkey that somehow managed to usurp the carefully curated throne they’ve been building for fifty-some years before their ubermensch could present himself. And in so doing, he has exiled all the true believers who were destined to take their own places in the forthcoming empire to shepherd humanity into a new golden age.",negative
Right? These people were happy to follow Trump.,positive
Heart disease and karma 2028,positive
"Hannity and Rush made a scapegoat/villain out of a “liberal” 

It’s a loose term on purpose because it can be any position that’s not theirs, they stoked hatred and vitriol for “liberals” for 20 years then turned it into “anything that makes them mad is good, anything they stand for is bad” 

Then social media and edgelords decided it was enough to be positionless and let your political dogma start and end with “owning the libs”. It doesn’t matter what the policy is, whether it’s antithetical to what you claim your political positions are, or if your party is actually helping anyone or much less governing efficiently, as long as the libs are triggered you have won.",positive
"I've got lots of family like that. 

But when people break the cult and come to us with the intent to do better, we should embrace them. We've embraced many high profile Republicans who have disavowed Trump. Let's keep the doors open for more defectors!",positive
"Better now than never. Don't get mad at people who are finally seeing the light.

We need to be the side open to those who want to change for the better, not shutting them out. 

(I know you're frustrated, but THIS is how we win, one voter at a time!)",positive
"Musk is not funny. He's not clever enough and has the middle-school mentality of someone who finds the number ""420"" to be the pinnacle of humor.",negative
"exactly.

he beat Jeb Bush, Rubio, Walker, Kasich, Cruz and a handful of others. and i'm pretty sure those are the kind of ""real republicans"" KnowMatter is referring to.

but the republican party base is just a brain addled as Trump, and that's why he won. they aren't the extreme, they are the base. 

the party wasn't turned over to the extremists. it's that republican political elite couldnt keep their brain addled moron base under control any more",positive
You are correct. I still hold them in contempt for giving us Velveeta Voldemort in the 1st place.,negative
"I think I you are right, really. The way you break the spell of the Emperor’s New Clothes is to point and laugh at his nakedness, not indulge everyone who pretend that they only just realise now that he’s buck naked.",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
What great timing after this debate. Perfect moment to announce this,positive
Great night for Harris-Walz team!,positive
"Signed ""A childless catlady"" 😂",positive
"Swifties are more passionate than conservatives, this definitely won them votes!",positive
"And that's a wrap, Donald.",neutral
Fucking slam dunk. Get fucked MAGATs,negative
So Harris has Taylor swift and (unofficially) Beyoncé. Trump has kid rock Hahaha,positive
Hell yeah! ,negative
"Man, Harris has endorsements from Dick fucking Cheney and Taylor Swift",negative
The Swifties have made their choice.,neutral
This endorsement will move more people than the debate.,positive
"Signed,

""A childless cat lady.""

*Chef's kiss*",positive
Am I a Swiftie now?,neutral
"Framing her endorsement as earned and won by the debate is a masterstroke. Great way to help frame the debate as an unmistakable win. Great confidence boost to the Kamala Walz campaign. This is when she can strike. Now is when you do the podcasts and media appearances, she's more than capable of handling it. After being insulted and called dumb and incapable of speaking, she flat out dogwalked Trump like none of his opponents have.

This is her opening.",positive
HUGE dig at Vance by singing off as “childless cat lady” 👏🏻👏🏻,positive
"Check out the coping on the conservative subreddit right now, it's hilarious. Harris just gave the best performance in the history of presidential debates.",positive
Thank you tay tay ✨️,positive
"I very much appreciate that she said ""Do your own research"".  She didn't tell anybody who to vote for, only who SHE is going to vote for.  Trump is going to flip his shit and I'm here for it.",negative
Hell yeah. Lets get more young people registered again.,negative
Confirmed. Taylor Swift is a black trans woman illegal immigrant who eats pets. /s,negative
At least the right have Kid Rock who makes music for people who know exactly how much Sudafed they can buy legally at CVS.,positive
Hey Donald. Looks like you're......fucked.,positive
Thank you Taylor.  from all the childless cat people.  + from berks.,positive
I wonder how long ago her team decided she’d do this tonight.,neutral
Not a swiftie in any way but I feel a lot better knowing this. I may not care for it being necessary but I can also appreciate that it absolutely was,positive
"I feel like most people who listen to Taylor Swift have probably already made the decision to vote for Kamala Harris. But, hey, whatever helps.",positive
"“Harris/Walz Landslide Victory!” is the only headline that matters right now. 

Make it happen America.",positive
"The seed for this was planted when a few weeks ago Trump claimed Taylor was supporting him along with AI images of her in MAGA gear.  

That was the point Taylor Swift had to make her stance clear because one side was trying to claim she was in their camp.",positive
"Oh no, my crazy conspiracies about Taylor secretly being a Nazi the whole time",negative
"its so joever

(for trump)",neutral
Caitlin Clark also liked the post!,positive
"That’s it, Ben Shapiro is no longer a fan of Taylor Swift.

/s",positive
There we go!,neutral
Just in time for the beginning of early voting in some states. We need to show up and keep Trump out of power.,neutral
We all knew it would come eventually after the AI image debacle. Good timing on her part. Well thought out and plain spoken.,positive
"ladies...please help this country this Nov.

*a 60 yr old guy*",positive
"Harris wins debate against talking point fool who repeats himself and Taylor agrees.  No room for FOX spin, this is the news cycle!  And to Trumpers who say who cares…uh your candidate who shared a fake endorsement",positive
"There was zero doubt of this happening, but Trump invited it by stupidly putting out fake images of her supporting him",negative
"One of the more significant celebrity endorsements ever considering how much she’s a part of youth culture. Transcends party lines. 

Girl dads and cat lady power",positive
"Endorsements don't mean shit if you don't vote. 


CHECK YOUR REGISTRATION AND FREAKIN' VOTE. IF YOU DON'T KNOW HOW TO REGISTER, LET'S HELP EACH OTHER OUT.",positive
Nice!!!  Hopefully this helps a few undecided people make the right choice,positive
Swifties! Assemble.,neutral
Never doubted her for a second 🫶,positive
"DO NOT FORGET TO VOTE.

It is not over yet.",positive
"Would love to see her, Beyonce, and maybe Rihanna do a political add together.    Won’t happen but that would be dope",positive
So the Left has the Swifties now too? Damn.,negative
The tent keeps expanding.  Let’s go save our country!,positive
Cool. Make sure you still register and vote. Check your status. Don’t make same mistake as last time and assume it’s over,positive
Solid,positive
Swifties won't vote red. Everything has changed. You belong with Kamala. Kamala has style. She will fill your wildest dreams. Now we've got bad blood with Trump. He needs to calm down and shake it off. He was mean to her. Look what he made Taylor do. She knew he was trouble.  Trump's got a blank space in his head. It's the end game now!,negative
Game. Blouses.,neutral
"Not surprised to see Taylor making a statement! She's been pretty vocal lately about where she stands on politics. Love that she's using her platform to speak up for what she believes in, but you know this is gonna stir up some drama online.",positive
Oh its over now. Congrats president harris. LOL,positive
"Way to go KH! To the guy who couldn’t find his ass with both hands, she very ably handed it to him. She fights for the causes I believe in too, TS!",negative
"I’m not sure what impact this has, but I hope it has a push for Harris",positive
The Taylor Swift and Dick Cheney tag team to the rescue! Bonkers,positive
"Good girl, Tay!",positive
"“We are never, ever, getting back together” - The Presidency to Trump",neutral
The phrase: “no shit” comes to mind,neutral
Yes Taylor! You go girl.,positive
Now have her put voter registration and early voting booths at every tour stop and it's over,negative
What a terrible day to be Donald Trump,negative
"I was praying to Obama that she would, sad though that we need a billionaire to save our democracy though.",positive
This is such a narcissistic thing to do . I’m not complaining. We need it. I just want people to be aware of this kind of behavior when it’s done by people in their personal lives.,positive
Oh yeah!,positive
Finally!,neutral
Winning,positive
Boom!,neutral
Swiftvoted,neutral
I know bottles of ketchup and depends are gonna hate to see trump coming tonight,negative
"well that's one voter that was influenced by the debate. Take that nay-sayers

yeah yeah, she probably already was a Harris voter, but the debate sealed the deal!",positive
"There it is, folks.",neutral
….and Trump is toast,neutral
Now all you have to do is get youth demographic to vote.,neutral
Why did she wait for the debate? She still needed convincing??,positive
gg it's over.,positive
"Real genius plan from the Trumpwads who used AI to falsely claim she would ever back him.

Buncha geniuses. 🤣",positive
"I mean, a pop star endorsing a candidate should have no impact on the elections, but, alas, it is the US, after all... 🤣",positive
The Demi-Goddess of the American Economy has spoken.,neutral
"Yeah, that should really help Harris's case here. Really hoping this drives more voters to her.",positive
Finally put her money where her mouth is. She needed to quiet all that noise about being Trump adjacent. Glad she finally said something,positive
Glad she did it but this chick fucking milked the time in between. Taylor Swift 100% did this for attention. She could have shut down Trump when he used her likeness and she didn't. Scumbag woman.,positive
"Damn I’m a Swiftie, always have been trust me bro",positive
"I like Harris, but I don’t give two fucks what this narcissistic pop star has to say on the matter",negative
Why would you vote for someone based on a singers opinion? Weird,negative
This endorsement would have meant something if it came before the debate.,positive
"Elon just offered to give her a child, and protect her cats 😳",positive
Who cares what this twat supports,neutral
Is Taylor Swift for the occupation of Palestine?,positive
And this is the last we need to hear about this. Seemed like Clinton wanted to turn her campaign into a Fleetwood Mac comeback tour and look how that turned out.,positive
Who really cares what Taylor Swift thinks and what does she know about politics!,positive
She definitely wasn’t paid to do this.,positive
Billionaires for Harris!,neutral
Good! She can split all her earnings amongst us! Just like a true communist!,positive
Abortion? Seriously why are people voting on this subject who gives a shit,negative
There was so much buzz about when it would happen and this was unreal.,neutral
"Swifties (myself included) have been saying to the naysayers for weeks that taylor will time her endorsement. She did it last year in october to drive voter sign up, she’s doing it after harris crushed trump in the debate to give her even more momentum. 

She *despises* trump. Even if she doesn’t agree with everything harris does, she was always going to endorse her.",neutral
I have been wondering when she would announce this. Timing is everything.,neutral
"I was of the opinion the debate should've had its moment, because bah gawd that was a lopsided victory for Kamala. But now I see the timing of Taylor's endorsement as this one-two punch effect where a mountain of news becomes an avalanche of news and I'm all for it.",positive
"Check out the google trends for ""voter registration"" and note the times: https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?q=%2Fm%2F03xm3_&date=now%201-d&geo=US&hl=en-US",neutral
"While I do believe she timed this in part due to the debate, wasn’t she catching flak this past weekend for being pictured hugging Brittney Mahomes. I just wouldn’t put it past her/ her manager/ PR to announce her endorsement to try to show a contrast between her and Brittney",positive
The true 1-2 punch!,positive
[deleted],neutral
"The young vote can be huge. Biden won Georgia by something like 12,000 votes in 2020. The 18-25 population in Georgia is about 1.4 million. If just 1% of them mobilize and vote, that's more than the margin of victory in 2020.",positive
[deleted],neutral
Let’s get you off to ~~bed~~ jail,neutral
The night couldn't have gone better. Kamala killed it.,negative
Nice,positive
"One more time for the people in the back:

Get fucked MAGAts!",negative
"Don’t forget hulk hogan, the crazy dude from growing pains, and the washed up actor that played Hercules",negative
"Trump unofficially has The Rocks vote though.

After endorsing Biden and Harris in 2020 and being unable to take the heat, Dude went on Fox News this past April saying it was a mistake to make an endorsement, then went on to talk about how the country isn’t in great shape right now.

He’s a coward.",positive
And Bernie!,neutral
"Dick Cheney, the shotgun blast to the face guy?",negative
And more than the RFK endorsement,positive
"After reading her message, that's someone worth listening to.",positive
"A lot of people didn't watch the debate live and probably intended to watch it ""at some point"" to decide their vote. People are lazy after all.

Taylor Swift basically gave her massive audience a Cliff Notes for the debate. ""I just watched it and Harris clearly is the better candidate"".

I guarantee there will be tens of thousands of people who decide to just skip watching the debate and take her word for it.",positive
“Trump definitely beat Harris… even my gf who isn’t totally conservative thinks so too. Yeah.” The cope is unreal.,positive
"I''d still take Obama over Harris with debate perform, though she did do well",positive
The description of her “cult like fanbase” sent me.  Zero self awareness,positive
She always looked suspiciously Venezuelan to me.,negative
You forgot the in prison part,negative
"No no no, the operation comes *after* he imprisons her.",positive
"Taylor Swift is suspicious because she doesn't fulfill her duty as a woman to pop out children and raise them at home , while her husband is away doing physically demanding masculine things like buying donuts.",negative
"One. You can buy one, but, you have to scan your license.

Also, I agree.",positive
buddy the only thing that is fucked is the British justice system...,negative
"Cat less child person chiming in with a thank you to Taylor as well. Got nothing against cats, but I’m highly allergic.",negative
"They have Swiftie-themed Harris-Walz merch available and are using her music… so it’s been in the works for a while. I’d suggest this has been planned almost ever since Kamala got the nomination. She’s the ultimate celeb to get, and her endorsement would either crown Harris as the winner, or deflect if that was felt necessary from a less than optimal performance.",positive
Since she’s been getting a lot of flack for buddying around with mahomes maga wife all weekend,neutral
It'll probably incentivize unregistered Swifties to vote,neutral
Taylor started with music that has a country vibe to it. Super popular in the small town I grew up in that was full of conservatives. She’s also just makes good music that’s easy to get into. So I’d imagine she has a lot of conservative fans in general.,positive
Lot of Swifties are conservative af. Her fanbase is most prominent in flyover states,positive
It'll energize her fans to get people registered,positive
Her fanbase calls Beyoncé a monkey so I doubt it.,negative
Kid Rock is going to put out a video tomorrow of him shooting all his Taylor Swift records for sure.,positive
Unite the clans.,neutral
With so many billionaires working against our democracy though….,neutral
Psst… the campaign likely planned it this way so both political and entertainment media would be wall to wall on the debate ,positive
At the very least she will motivate her democratic base to vote and increase turnout. I think she’s given a great boost to Kamala in addition to the outcome of the debate last night.,positive
She endorsed Biden in 2020 and is an outspoken supporter of abortion rights and the LGBTQ community. Any narrative that tried to connect her to Trump was not based on reality.,positive
… if you don’t think this was planned some time ago in order to come out on the night of the debate I’ve got a beachfront property in Kansas I’d love to sell you,positive
Same reason they have Hulk Hogan tear his shirt off for Trump. Difference is Harris has relevant people endorse her.,positive
Apparently you ve never seen the jon cena effect in wrestling years ago. Those fans would do anything he asked them too. He’s like crack for the mentally unstable wrestling fans. Which is a major demographic of pro wrestling fans. Him or the rock ever runs it’s over for the opposition.,neutral
She didn’t say who her fans should vote for. Read the statement. She said do your own research and register to vote.,neutral
Please explain how it means nothing after the debate?,positive
SO MANY YOUNG VOTERS CARE. That’s who.,positive
"More than Hulk Hogan and Kid Rock, believe it or not.",neutral
"Because people think pregnant women should be able to access healthcare without their doctors turning them down because they are worried about being arrested? 
Out of interest, why do you think it’s a topic people shouldn’t give a shit about?",negative
"Women, the people who die over abortion bans, overwhelmingly care.  So a lot of people give a shit.",negative
"Women will die in droves if abortion is outlawed, THAT'S why. 

And it doesn't just cover women who are pregnant by a month or two, it also covers neo-natal death, or rather a miscarriage. When the fetus is no longer viable and is effectively 'dead', it has to be removed from the woman. This is legally an abortion. 1/3rd of all pregnancies end in miscarriage, and have to have the fetus removed via abortion, otherwise it will fester inside them and kill the woman. 

Trump and his team went out of their way to overturn Roe vs. Wade, which then allowed states to determine whether they'd allow abortions or not, and now you have women who can't travel to other states (who'd have thought that stuff costs lots of money) dying because they go septic from a miscarriage and can't get the care they need. 

  
Women deserve to police their own bodies and make decisions for themselves that are right for them. Or would you rather that we tie every male's tubes at puberty? That way it removes the capability for them to impregnate women without making the direct choice to reverse it. That sounds like a stretch, right? Cool, now think about how women feel when the government tells them what they can do about their reproductive options, and literally in some cases die because of it.",negative
In the last week I saw a lot of comments on this sub saying how they don’t think she’ll endorse anyone.  I don’t know why people thought she was gonna do it before Labor Day when she did in October for Biden in 2020,positive
Unreal?,neutral
The signing was great,positive
"To her MASSIVE credit, she stated her beliefs, and encouraged people to vote for theirs. She reminded people to register to vote, so they could vote for the candidate that supports their beliefs.

I'm a 40yo dude and her music isn't for me (not all of it, anyway haha), but I give her a ton of credit for how she purports herself as a human being.",positive
You don't know that she was always going to endorse her.,positive
" Timing really is everything in politics. It’s strategic moves like this that can really sway those undecided voters. Plus, the energy from Swifties might just be what Harris needs to rally more young voters to the polls.",positive
"they were, 20 years ago",neutral
Most Swifties are Millennials actually (so in their 30s and early 40s).,neutral
Interesting age to totally guess.,positive
"The turnout for 18-29 year olds was something like a million voters - There are more there. 

And in other states there's even more to gain.",positive
"We’re acting like Swift is the nail in the coffin. Don’t forget Stacey Abrams did this with black women in Georgia and that’s why Biden won in 2020. Swift is an amazing endorsement, but the vote of black women was integral in 2020.",positive
I wish more stats like this would go viral. I have actually convinced a non voter to register but it took breaking down how someone can win the popular vote by millions but lose the election due to a small margin in a swing state. I also used an impactful infographic that shows non voters vs dem vs repub and the fact that close to half of the country doesn’t vote (so it’s not so much Dems vs Republican it’s Dems vs the couch.) Also the infographic about gerrymandering sealed the deal. Took hours but worth it. His initial logic for not voting was because he didn’t think his vote mattered.,positive
"15,000. Ask us how we know.",neutral
"I'm a Georgian that's just about to turn 18. I've pre-registered to vote and can't wait to have my say in the election this year. I hope my generation steps up to the plate.

Kamala for the win!",positive
"Nah, people dropping the big bucks on Eras tour seats can mostly vote 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.abc.net.au/article/103457252",negative
"Umm.. Swifties are not primarily kids. Swifties are mostly young adults in their 20s. Swift has been in the spotlight for a very long time. Teardrops released in 2006 and her biggest blowup was the release of ""1989"" in 2014, which was 10 years ago. 10 years ago, swifties were teenagers, yes. Math.",positive
"I woke up 30 min ago, im in the eu. And yes, the vibe overall, she won. Fuck yea! Get him out, finally-",positive
REAL nice,positive
Dont forget Jon Voight,positive
Hahaha yes,positive
"Dean Cain, worst Superman ever",negative
Can't stay on the juice for that long and keep your balls,neutral
It was disappointing. But I doubt the Rock's fans were mostly Biden/Harris voters anyway.,negative
"> The Rock

The rock unofficially becomes a lot less menacing when you realize all that witchcraft energy has to go somewhere. He grew larger. His junk grew smaller.",positive
"What The Rock actually said:

""Am I happy with the state of America right now? Well, that answer's no. Do I believe we're going to get better? I believe in that. I'm an optimistic guy, and I believe we can get better.

""The endorsement that I made years ago with Biden was what I thought was the best decision for me at that time.

""Am I going to do that again this year? That answer's no. I'm not going to do that. Because what I realized that what that caused back then was something that tears me up in my guts back then and now, which is division. And that got me.

""The takeaway after that months and months and months, I started to realize like, ‘Oh man, that caused an incredible amount of, division in our country.’ So I realize now going into this election, I'm not going to do that. I wouldn't do that because my goal is to bring our country together. I believe in that, in my DNA. So in the spirit of that, there's going to be no endorsement.

""Not that I'm afraid of it at all, but it's just I realize that this level of influence —I'm gonna keep my politics to myself, and I think it's between me and the ballot box.""


The Rock complaining about people getting canceled is an option most comedians and famous people who push limits share. The Rock pushed the needle as much as anyone ever in WWE toward getting canceled, so it makes sense he'd be concerned. He also later came back and [did this](https://youtube.com/shorts/aeIThFox87s?feature=shared) and much more anyway so it didn't seem to change him much.",positive
"I’ve never been a huge fan, but I spent the past week listening to her albums just because I wanted to see what the hype was about. And now this. I’m definitely a Swiftie now. She’s got my respect.",positive
"Listen to her Midnights album! It's a great, introspective album, and you can tell each song is carefully crafted. 

The Tortured Poets Department has a lot of great songs, but it suffers a fair bit from bloat. I highly recommend listening to ""The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived"" in light of her endorsement though. It's surprisingly apt.",positive
Lmao. You should make your own decisions.,positive
Yup. That's why big sweeping policy wonk stuff is gonna have less impact than viral one liners.,neutral
"Haha, an inceI from that subreddit really thinks people would believe he has a ""gf"" in the first place. 😂",positive
The GF who totally isn't a conservative and who totally goes to another school out of state. Sure....,positive
It's too bad we won't get to see Obama go at it with Trump,negative
"After what I saw tonight, I wouldn't.",neutral
Kennedy vs Nixon was better IMO.,positive
"Nah, pretty sure Trump's fucked too.",negative
Yeah it’s more like that,positive
"According to Wikipedia, her fanbase is 55% Dem, 23% Republican, 23% independent. But if she can swing enough fans left in the right states, I could see her having an effect on this election.",neutral
Your second point is extremely good. So thanks for that,positive
"I have heard the exact opposite, that her fan base leans very liberal.

It sounds like you're making assumptions based on her genre.",positive
"I'm sure that isn't her whole fan base, but that is repulsive.",neutral
"How so? We have Elon fighting for freedom of speech. I mean, I know nowadays freedom of speech means you want to silence the political opponent. Not sure how that happened. And in the UK convicting people for words. Like the woman who was convicred for posting snoop dogg lyrics on her social media because it contained the n word.

https://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-merseyside-43816921",positive
Need better turnout from young voters,positive
Except she blocked other female artists from the charts rereleasing her crappy album 60 times. She’s a chameleon for good PR,negative
Ooohh ill take it. I got $3.50,negative
What makes someone relevant? How many albums they sell makes them worth listening to politically? I think whomever wins this election will hopefully be able to handle the inevitable world war that’s coming. It’s scary that political debates are like bad reality tv now days.,negative
"Because the die has been cast. Look at the front page of Drudge right now: ""it's over"". 

It doesn't count for much when you endorse someone after they've basically already won. It's elementary.",positive
yeah i thought it would be later to not overshadow the debate but if it gets people to watch that donald train wreck that’s a plus,negative
I literally saw an article like an hour before the debate claiming she was disillusioned with the candidates lol,positive
Trump's got no one to blame buy himself for posting those fake AI images of Trump Swifties.,negative
"I can’t remember the tweet exactly but she sent something along the lines of like “how dare you stoke the fires of hatred we will vote you out in November” back in 2020. 

I had people try and legitimately argue she had never taken a side and it wouldn’t make sense for her too because she had fans on both sides of the political spectrum and it would be too isolating. 

Like… I think we are well beyond that point lol.",negative
"Honestly, this was me this morning. I was salty about it. Happy to eat my words! Her statement was very thoughtful and had very clearly been in the works. 

Tonight was incredible and seeing her endorsement was like sprinkles on a sundae.",positive
"Frankly, I'm surprised it wasn't later. Maybe she scheduled it for now expecting the debate to be closer? (Post-debate stuff shows undecideds who watched it breaking for Harris something like 22-to-2, iirc).",positive
"Something tells me she probably might have planned the announcement much later, but that whole AI stunt was a step too far for her and that was what made her come out earlier with the endorsement. Like Trump shot himself in the foot for that one for actually falling for some obviously shitty AI pictures.",negative
Didn't she also endorse someone in that Tennessee Senate Race a while back? I think it was the 2018 one. I wanna say that was also made in October.,negative
/r/Fauxmoi going from pitchforks to roses.,neutral
"A young woman, with a LARGE fanbase of women and girls, the majority of which are between the ages of 12-45, who like her were expressly targeted and attacked by the removal of the right to bodily autonomy by the SCOTUS?

There wasn't a fucking chance in hell she was rolling over and not saying anything, even if it was just on Harris' platform of restoring those rights she was giving her endorsement. But Dump forced her to go further and actually call out his shite while doing so, making it personal and eviscerating any argument for him post-debate.",negative
Source?,neutral
[deleted],neutral
"Black women are finally able to vote for one of their own. I don’t think more is needed to mobilize them now. And besides, last night the entire country watched a black woman wipe the floor with a white bigot. They’re eatin’ good right now.",positive
You are awesome.,positive
"11,780",neutral
[deleted],neutral
Must we also forget “rapper and influencer” Amber Rose?,negative
The actor?,neutral
"I had to look that up, I thought he was dead.",negative
And Dennis Quaid.  The man that ruined 100 movies.,negative
"Also Jim Caviezel. Apparently he called Trump ""the new Moses"".",neutral
The dentist?,neutral
Dayum,neutral
I tend to think they probably are,neutral
">  the Rock's fans 

Are we talking about fans of wrestling or fans of carefully crafted uncontroversial, conformist action movies? 

I actually enjoyed Red Notice for what it is. 

I know heist movies are considered uncool now, but I love them.",positive
"I don’t know how you can read that and disagree with me that he’s a coward.

“I just realize at this level of influence, I’m going to keep my politics to myself”

Taylor Swift has VASTLY more influence than he does, and she didn’t - and doesn’t - keep her politics to herself. The difference with him, is he has is stupid haircare line while being bald, as well as his shitty energy drink and other things that will affect his bottom line and wallet.

Which is to say, he’s still a petty coward.",negative
Sometimes saying nothing speaks volumes.,neutral
"Honestly, the Netflix doc on her shows her as a really bright and caring person. There's a part where she struggles over making a political endorsement in 2020 as well.",positive
"Her talent and hard work are absolutely undeniable, and for someone at her level of fame to be so unproblematic speaks volumes. Also I'm not a Swiftie but I fucking love the song Delicate.",positive
"I said listen, not obey. Also, I'm Canadian. I can't vote in your election.",neutral
That’s what her statement says,neutral
It appears they just did.,neutral
Why are you just repeating what Swift said?,positive
"Listening to someone because they have logical points is the very definition of making your own decisions my dude. we all listen to people everywhere, you have chosen to listen to people here on this sub. So choosing who to listen is very much an own decision",neutral
“MAGAs are sheep.” - Celeb worshippers,positive
"Lol Obama owned Trump so hard at dinner once, he inadvertently started the whole Orange Hitler era.",positive
"I mean trump was crap and wouldn't debate policy, and while yes Harris was debating well, she didn't get enough time because of trump and moderators to put her above Obama for me, especially since Obama did debates with people who actually used policy and not mean words",positive
Sweaty upper lip the common trend between the two.,neutral
The influence on Pennsylvania is probably going to be huge,positive
I don’t like that math.,positive
"I think the bigger focus is that she will get people to register and actually vote, who would not have taken the time to vote, or went through the process to register.  
There may be more folks slanting left in her fan base, but they may not have voted and now they will.",positive
"[Here’s Who Elon Musk Has Banned on Twitter Since His Takeover](https://observer.com/2022/12/elon-musk-suspend-twitter-account-list/)

[Elon Musk suspends journalists from Twitter, bans official account of rival Mastodon](https://www.cbc.ca/news/business/twitter-journalist-suspend-1.6688110)

[Twitter suspends journalists who have been covering Elon Musk and the company](https://www.nbcnews.com/tech/social-media/twitter-suspends-journalists-covering-elon-musk-company-rcna62032)",negative
"I believe an endorsement from Swift will encourage that, do you?",positive
"What does that have to do with her endorsement of Harris, and Biden in the past?",positive
"You aren’t forced to listen to ANYONE’S political stance. She doesn’t care if you want her to say it out loud or not. 

You’re in here stating opinions. She’s stating opinions. It’s all good!",positive
You’re asking knowing the facts. Do you think the people who are influenced by people like this actually process thoughts in the same way you or any normal person does? You know this isn’t the case. That’s the real election fraud. That everyone has a vote even if they have no clue wtf  is going on in the country.,negative
Nobody won anything yet. It is still a tight race. Any momentum still helps. People thought it was over in 2016 too and it wasn't,positive
"Bro wtf you talking about? Election is in November. Its September 11th.

I can write a headline that says ""Potato Chips Cure Cancer!"" Doesnt mean anything.",negative
"I was hoping for September rather than October. It's undeniable that she had a drastic affect on young women registering to vote earlier this year. Republicans panicked about it for quite some time, which was very telling. This gives her fans who perhaps didn't in the first round a chance to register with plenty of time before some key deadlines. In Texas, for instance, October 7th is the cutoff.

It also gives some legitimacy to the fact that Trump did *not* perform well to those who perhaps trust Swift more than they do the talking heads in mainstream media. It will prevent partisan hacks from convincing them that Trump performed better than a dumpster fire on stage tonight. If Taylor listened to the debate and agreed with Harris, then she must have won, after all.

I'm not gonna denigrate anyone who may think this way, like it or not, there are people out there who put *a lot* of stock in their idol's opinions. If this is what it takes to get more young people (women in particular) to vote, then I'm all for it. I mean, you are more likely to become a lifelong voter after voting at least one time.",positive
He couldn't help himself. Seeing those fake pics stoked his ego so much.,negative
"It has to be early enough that non-voters have time to register to vote. Endorsing later might do a better job of getting apathetic voters to the polls, but if they never registered they can't vote.",positive
"Well he didn't get sympathy for the blood-spatter on his ear, so I think he tried to actually wound himself for sympathy this time.",positive
Fauxmoi stinks there I said it,negative
Why did she wait so long?,neutral
[Saw her live plus google is totally a thing :)](https://www.statista.com/statistics/1372971/taylor-swift-fans-by-generation/),neutral
Have you seen how much her tickets cost? 13-year-olds aren’t spending that kind of money.,neutral
I was an adult that was there sans kids and we were definitely the majority. As you can see in the article I linked.,positive
"And come on, that totally not weird pillow guy!",positive
Her?,neutral
And Mike Tyson. One rapist supporting another shouldn't surprise anyone.,negative
Stripper not rapper,neutral
"That gloriously sad, Queen copyright infringing duet with Forgiato Blow was the high point of her career. ",positive
No. The periodontist.,neutral
You got them mixed up with UFC/MMA fans. Wrestling fans lean to the left,neutral
"He's too invested in the brand of ""Dwayne ""the Rock"" Johnson"" to want to risk it.

Sadly, he's of the opinion the brand is worth far more and is far better than it actually is.",positive
I didn’t say you said obey.,neutral
"MAGAs are too far gone to sway and no one is trying to co nvert them at this point. History will just remember them for the traitors they are.



 But the youth voting has always been historically low so people are happy if ANYTHING encourages youth voter turn out",positive
"This is terrifyingly true, Imagine where the timeline split, what things would be like...",positive
"Doesn’t matter - Obama never had to debate an actual physical embodiment of a fascist threat to our democracy and not only focus on the American people, but destroy the “he’s a strong candidate” rhetoric all at the same time while still being an underdog and not coming across as arrogant like Hillary did.

She’s the best debate performance, ever.",positive
"I clicked on one, it said he temporarily banned them for doxxing. I mean before Elon everyone and articles were banned for vague reasons. ",negative
"This is 100% where I’m at. 

I’ve tried to be really objective and think of an entertainment celebrity that could potentially influence my political opinion and I honestly can’t think of one. Like they’re just two entirely different worlds for me. 

But that doesn’t mean that this isn’t massive news and will likely be a pretty significant boon to the Harris campaign. I don’t personally understand, but the reality of it is undeniable.",positive
"Giving her the benefit of the doubt, perhaps she thinks that if she endorses too early, people might forget about her endorsement closer to the election?",positive
He was probably stroking other things as well. Ivanka is moving outside the age bracket after all.,positive
"You don't read well, do you?",negative
"Yeah thats a weird take to have. Like sure some of her audience is underage, but shes been famous for a long time. From what I've seen the average age range is like young adult and up.",positive
"God I almost forgot about him!

Maybe they could pull ol Rudy g in too to really round out the insane talent. ",positive
[Her?](https://th.bing.com/th/id/R.4d66e309f71b30e2066e9383e717ef12?rik=DJf41P%2fMQuk1UQ&riu=http%3a%2f%2fvignette1.wikia.nocookie.net%2farresteddevelopment%2fimages%2fc%2fc8%2f2x02_Her%253F.png%2frevision%2flatest%3fcb%3d20140110195035&ehk=Q0JbwG%2fo6wWbrGWIP9R6ywaIecOh3a6y4rbfWI7pQco%3d&risl=&pid=ImgRaw&r=0),neutral
I think you meant to respond to the other guy.  I agree with you.,positive
"Yes, good summary..

Who cares anyway. Is he even relevant? I'm in the energy drink community and everyone hates his energy drinks. They're gross.",positive
Nah but you were condescending for no reason,negative
"You're scrambling.


MAGA in shambles",neutral
Oh my god are you 9 years old? Don’t be obtuse,positive
"It all started with Harambe, then the Cubs winning the World Series.",positive
I want to make it clear that I don't support their policies but I can say that both McCain and Romney were civilized people during their debates. I do think Obama would have faired better against Trump than Kamala but we'll never find out.,positive
"its a matter of, 2 people playing by the rules and one playing the game masterfully, and as you say a fascist with 0 policy ideas.  Unclear if beating a lion in basketball is impressive, but revealing it was a toddler in a lion onesie the whole time is masterful in its own way.",negative
Part of that has to do with who she is debating.,neutral
"Yeah, he totally doesn't try and hide it.

Ohh, wait.

https://www.theverge.com/2024/9/4/24235213/x-brazil-suppression-speech-elon-musk-india-turkey",positive
"his definition of doxxing is reposting publicly available flight data. it’s just really telling that folks like you will sit here propagandizing him as some free speech warrior because he ~~allows~~ boosts actual nazis and holocaust deniers while simultaneously banning journalists, people critical of him, and words like ‘cisgender’. 

speaks volumes about your values and lack of understanding when it comes to the first amendment speech protections.",positive
"Exactly. We also should be mindful that those of us on this subreddit are going to be *far* more politically engaged than even the average person. Not everyone has the stomach or energy to keep up with the exhausting nonsense we've put up with for a decade at this point, nevermimd when politics was boring.

And that can be frustrating, especially when the stakes are so high for a lot of demographics and even moreso when low information voters are *part* of these vulnerable groups themselves.

That said, I think there is a big problem of talking down to these people. We want them to be *excited* to vote. These are not entirely unreasonable people asking for the moon here. Some are politically uneducated, some are or *feel* disenfranchised, whatever the reason, we need to meet these folks halfway and *welcome* them into the tent rather than teasing or criticizing whatever the reason they came around for.",negative
"Sure you do. You just like to think of yourself as above it. A celebrity has a bully pulpit, same as the president. Both can highlight issues and drive the national discourse, and all the sudden folks are judging candidates based on their stance in regards to these issues. As precipitated by people who have a long reach and large influence. Like Eleanor Roosevelt as first lady driving conservation of land into the public eye.

I guess I'm trying to say that there's a spectrum of influence beyond just endorsing someone, and therefore catching more votes. Taylor Swift can penetrate through to people who weren't enthusiastic enough to get the polls, and those people can then do their own research.",positive
A lot of times as you start digging into who people really are it becomes tougher and tougher to separate the art that they perform versus the people they are. For instance think of JK rowling. In many ways the Harry Potter books have taken a life of their own but the person who created them is a not necessarily someone you would agree with.,positive
"Younger girls definitely like her, but older generations have had her music at every dance, wedding, frat party, etc since middle school - that definitely makes some people fans and some not! But no matter how you feel about her, she's still a notable figure to most people in their 20-30s",positive
"> Like sure some of her audience is underage, but shes been famous for a long time.

Yeah, it's weird how so many people seem to think the majority of Swifties are kids. I was 16 when the Taylor/Kanye VMA incident happened. I'm now 32. She's been at this for a WHILE.",positive
Don’t forget Lil Pump 🙄🤦🏼‍♀️,negative
No not really. I’m tired of hear what celebrities think.,positive
People who don’t consider Taylor Swift’s opinions when making decisions are MAGA now?,neutral
"My mom says I’m acute, but she never says what.",neutral
"100% agree again haha. 

One of the most frustrating things I see is when a republican will do something objectively good and right, and the overwhelming response is “wow they did one thing right one time doesn’t change anything” and I just don’t follow that logic at all. 

If we can’t acknowledge them doing good things even after a history of doing bad things, what motivation does that give to anyone who is considering that maybe the gop is kinda fucked up? 

They’re just supposed to renounce their life long political affiliation but then also be rejected by the other side because it took them too long to find out? 

Like they’re essentially saying “you’re a horrible person and I will always think you’re a horrible person but you should agree with me anyway because objectively it’s the right thing to do” 

Even if they’re correct, eternal isolation from their old party as well as the one they’re considering supporting is just not a winning scenario. We have to be open to these people.",negative
What about what gameshow hosts think? Specifically gameshow hosts that are failed steak salesmen.,negative
"We're completely in sync here lmao. To add on even more, I don't believe we think about how constantly and unforgivingly denigrating former Trump supporters or moderate Republicans looks to young voters raised in conservative families. The sort who are curious about forming their own views after they begin to buck the beliefs they were raised with.

Personally, it took me two *long* years to deprogram myself from Republican talking points and beliefs for the most part. I was about 22, and that was almost ten years ago now. Politics on social media has become *far* more polarized since then. I'm not sure if I would have been able to stick through re-examining every single one of my beliefs and drastically changing many of them if I had been constantly shit on for it by the communities I was desperately trying to join. I mean, breaking from conservative beliefs is *hard.*

And I don't think many who are privileged enough to be raised blue states or cities truly realize just how tough and isolating it is to do so. You lose friends, family, and even a sense of who you *thought* you were while you determine what beliefs you *actually* want to support rather than toeing the line conservatives enforce through things like social ostracizing, religious harassment, and even violence.

I think Harris actually understands this which is why she's courting ostracized Republicans right now. We need to give these folks an exit ramp. A reasonable choice to help them come back to a kinder, more peaceful reality. Don't get me wrong, I do my fair share of shitting on active MAGA shitheels who are *currently* bullying and harassing other people around them.

They're not who we're talking about.

It's the raised conservatives, the moderate Never-Trumpers, the embarrassed former-Trumpers, all of *these* people who could and *are* being attracted by Harris's sane platform and are tired of the insanity just like we are. Turning these folk away or shitting on them will only leave them vulnerable to re-radicalization or complete disenfrachisement.

We want to return to boring politics, right? This is *the* way to do it.",positive
Except that person was president and a businessman. And the economy did great. So there’s that. Nice try.,positive
"lmao, try to have at least a little consistency.",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
That is such a baller move timing it right after the debate,neutral
This is one of the few times when a celebrity endorsement is actually a big effing deal.,positive
Can I just say how fucking awesome it is that she clarified in her statement that she needed to explain her *actual* position clearly largely because Trump posted a fake AI endorsement on his site.,positive
Finally!,neutral
Now i assume most of her supporters who planned on voting were already supporting Harris. Now where Swift can have the biggest impact is encouraging her fanbase that is not really political to register and vote.,positive
"ladies...please help this country come Nov.

*a 60 yr old guy*",positive
Earlier than expected.,neutral
"To those saying it was bad timing and she should have waited for a ""lull"" - there hasn't been a lull in Presidential election news since 2016

Taylor's timing this is fine, and in my view a way to make the wave already made tonight, even higher",negative
Here we go! Love that she did it with a cat lady pic,positive
MSNBC stopped interviewing Tim Walz to read it.  WOW!,positive
"Get out and vote! 

Do not assume this is in the bag. Check your registration. Talk to your peers. Vote!!!!",neutral
As if Trump's night couldn't get any worse,positive
Look what you made me do,neutral
Tell everyone you know. Make MAGA even more miserable ,negative
"Fuck, it's October already..?",negative
About time,neutral
Pretty funny that she did it right after the debate too. Everyone is ready to put that steaming pile of dump out to pasture!,positive
"""Who cares about what a celebrity has to say about the elections?""

- people who voted for a reality tv show celebrity with no prior political experience.",positive
"I'll say this. I don't like her mainly because of the distractions with the NFL/Chiefs (I'm a ravens fan) .

That being said, this decision makes me realize at the very least, she has eyes, ears, and understands the importance of the nutcase that is Donald Trump and J.D. Vance. The fact she took a jab specifically at Vance.

Alright, I can like you Taylor, at least on every day but Sunday.",positive
It’s joever,neutral
Oh shit,negative
Shake the orange man off the presidency.,negative
"Hoping this is real…
Edit: whelp, K then",positive
"totally regardless of what people think of Swift, Trump or Harris; this is probably the most influential celeb. endorsement in history, just by the reach alone it's huge, but add to that the loyalty and community aspect of her fanbase and you are at a whole other level of impact.",positive
Dang wonder what that means for her friendship with Brittany Mahomes,positive
"I mean I’d be utterly shocked if she was pro Trump. She probably held off on the announcement out of fear of alienating a good chunk of her audience. 

Thats the struggle of being an entertainer. People were legit boycotting Eminem back in 2017 when he voiced his contempt for Trump.",negative
Final nail in the coffin for Trump.,neutral
Oh Taylor the queen you are,neutral
"Is that childless cat shit on the wall? Actually, it a appears to be ketchup. Still doesn’t make sense as I do not have a cat, and I ate pizza tonight… maybe the shady neighbors cat came over with some ketchup packets, he’s always up to no good, stole a 12 pack out of the garage fridge last week, stole my radar detector a month ago.",negative
"Donald still has Rob Schneider, Kid Rock, and basic cable Hercules, though, right?",negative
What’s this? Darth Cheney has tagged teammate Childless Cat Lady and she comes in hot off the top rope with a forearm shiver to the dome of Convicted Felon and Civilly Liable Rapist Donald Trump!,negative
Taylor Swift is genuine and truly cares. Her timing is brilliant. So my hope is this will influence the younger generation because their future is on the line.,positive
Her power 🤌🏻,neutral
And that - hopefully - is the ball game.,positive
she’s all about those cats 😽,positive
So? I don't get the implication apart from a larger voter base?,neutral
I want to remind everyone ‘The Rock’ refuses to endorse anyone. Big tough guy afraid to endorse Kamala because his gym bros will get mad at him. Yet here we have Taylor taking a stand no matter the consequences. The Rock is a coward his movies should be boycotted for being a complete fraud.,negative
"White it’s nice she endorsed Harris, why should anyone care what she thinks about politics?  It’s not as if she’s ever used her privilege to advocate for any social causes.",positive
She has earned many respect points from me.,positive
"My 13 year old niece and 17 year old nephew are stoked. People don’t realize how much Kamala is engaging the next generation of voters. This is the first time they have watched clips of a Presidential debate. They care and their Swiftie friends care.

It’s very exciting that they know the stakes of this election and politics aren’t boring to them.",positive
I’m sad that this likely moves the needle for white women demographics. Still not that sad because they’d be voting blue,negative
This is huge. It’s crazy to think how many points this shifts the proverbial needle.,neutral
"Obviously,, but better late than never",positive
"""who makes me more money? oh, that Kamala chick.... climate change and my jet could be a problem though.""",negative
But won’t call for a ceasefire. So brave of her… so demure,positive
She could have waited for a lull and then announced her support. Also I am not sure why she had to pal around with mahomes publicly the day before! Such a bad move.,negative
"This matters how?
She is just another celebrity",neutral
"Jesus Christ. Let us enjoy the new debate memes Taylor!

This could have waited a day. Or until morning.",positive
No one will change their votes because of her,negative
Millions of young Americans are about to see clip after clip from tonight’s debate tomorrow on TikTok. This puts a positive tint of Kamala for many of them who respect Taylor Swift and will help generate hype around the performance there.,positive
Maximum impact,neutral
[deleted],neutral
"Yeah, if anyone says “Ja Rule” this time, they don’t understand what this means.",positive
" It's kind of interesting how influencer culture shapes politics these days. Like, her endorsement could definitely sway those who might just vote based on vibes rather than hardcore policy. It's just a reality we have to deal with, whether we like it or not.",positive
"Why? Why should anyone care which celebrity endorses which candidate? Shouldn’t people vote based on policies, personality, leadership, etc of the candidate?",positive
[deleted],neutral
"Weeks late, coincidentally after she been getting shot on for 48 hours for her weekend with pats maga wife",neutral
"Taylor needs a TikTok challenge of her waiting in line and voting, and encourage fans to post their own TikToks. The result would be HUGE.",positive
"She has been active with that over the past few years, last year with one post credited with 35k new voters registering:

https://www.cbsnews.com/news/taylor-swift-encourages-voter-registration/",positive
"Agreed, but I think the bigger piece is mobilizing them, and then if she pushes any non-voters to voting for Harris then that's a big win.",positive
"Think about it:

Majority of the world is mocking your debate and your responses and lack of any substance. Then BAM!, one of the worlds most popular women endorses your opponent while you’re reading all the backlash from your bs.

The debate was a slap to the face, the endorsement was a heel to the balls.",positive
"Timing is perfect. Registration and getting an absentee ballot can take time (some states are starting to send them next week, I believe) so the right time is NOW. Taylor just jumped on top of Kamala’s shoulders, surfing a blue wave 🌊",positive
Early voting starts in a few days in PA,neutral
"I don't think so. 55 days to go. This is the home stretch, and I'm guessing Swift will do some campaigning towards the end. It's good to have her fans excited in advance.",positive
"This!!! Trump is already depressed, I’m sure he’s even more depressed rn 😭😭",negative
More than that it’s from her Time magazine Person of the Year photo shoot 2023. A dig and clout.,negative
Think they did it because they wanted to see his reaction / surprise him with the good news. It wasn’t done out of disrespect for Walz at all,positive
His smile was delightful.,positive
I enjoyed where she said the trump ai thing of her clinched her decision to clarify how she was voting lol.,positive
If a man talks shit then I owe him nothing,negative
"""When they go low....we kick 'em in the teeth""",neutral
They show her for like 30 seconds per game I think we’ll survive,positive
"Hey man I agree. Steelers fan here. And I’d just like to say sincerely, fuck you. But also, let’s go vote and do this thing in November",positive
"You don’t like her because she goes to a football game to root for her boyfriend and the cameras keep cutting to her? Sounds like you shouldn’t like the producers, not her.",positive
Ravens fan too lmao but holy shit did I gain a ton of respect for her,positive
"Her parents are Ivy League Wall Street sharks. They named her “Taylor” so her name would be gender neutral on resumes so she wouldn’t be discriminated against.

They’ve planned everything from day one. Her family is crazy smart and has connections. Taylor is no slouch herself, always staying relevant and has a ravenous following of loyal fans; she runs a tight business empire.

This entire move was perfectly planned and timed. She’s ruthless lol.",positive
"i love her, and i hate the chiefs, andy reid, clark hunt, and the mahomes and their douchey kicker. i don’t mind seeing her during a game once or twice a season, but like, we’re here to watch football. get over it networks.",positive
Ravens are trash,neutral
It’s very real. Look at her instagram,neutral
"It is, go to her IG.",neutral
It’s on her Instagram.,neutral
[deleted],neutral
Nothing?,neutral
Eminem literally said fuck anyone who supports Trump and that they're not a real fan of his. Dude made his position clear.,negative
"Eminem is an angry white boy, just not one of those angry white boys…

And if she didn’t endorse Harris now to slap trump in the face after his abysmal performance, the impact wouldn’t have been the same in a few weeks.",negative
I think she is kinda fearless in the regard these days. If she had held  back I think it would have been because of the terror threats to her fans in the past couple of months. Putting another potential target on herself and people she cares about would have taken some serious consideration. I’m glad she spoke up though.,positive
">  climate change and my jet could be a problem though.""

she carbon offsets all her tours.",negative
Democrats can have conservative friends—and this just uplifts Harris and wrecks Trump more.,neutral
"I am by no means a Taytay fan, but trying to call her ""just another celebrity"" is wild. I absolutely hate the Michael Jackson comparisons, but she is likely the closest  we will ever see again with that level of fame(and it's still a distant second place).",negative
"no, she's actually the biggest of them at the moment. That counts weather we like her or not.",positive
"If it doesn’t matter why would
Trump use AI to pretend she liked him .",positive
"Maybe, but it engages a lot of young people who ignore or are ignorant of the election, and it's importance, hopefully getting them out to vote when they wouldn't have before.",positive
"If that would be true, nobody would give endorsments. If nobody would change their vote because od her, Trump wouldn't be posting fake AI generated images",positive
"Especially Gen Z, which is going to be one of the hard-hitting groups of voters

  
Not to say Swift doesn't have fans of all ages btw let alone limited as such",negative
"I think it will just drive home the idea that Harris won the debate. The fact that Taylor watched this debate and said ""I want to vote for that woman."" is a great narrative. 

I honestly think an endorsement tonight is much stronger than an endorsement on some random Wednesday a month from now.",positive
No this builds excitement. It piles on doesn’t distract,negative
"I find you both make good points, but this gives sort of a feeling like swift is saying ""kamala killed it at the debate"" so, it doesn't work against the high, it uplifts it more. 

However, you do make a good point that timed a bit later, maybe after the next fucking moron thing Trump does, it could perhaps have greater effect. 

Idk good points for each side, and I can't really have an opinion either way. 

The important thing is, she did it.",positive
i think the hashtags debate and swift are going to explode bringing attention to the debate which is good,positive
Rides the amplitude of the debate.  It’s literally the best possible time for Tswift.,positive
"Millions of swifties are going to watch tons of videos about this debate now that the
woman they worship has endorsed Harris.

Guess what else they are going do. Talk to everyone they know about voting for Harris and probably talk to their other non swiftie friends. Harris will get plenty of props for crushing Trump in the debate. Swift endorsement is a bonus.",positive
"Seriously, where is that man. Been trying to find him for years now",negative
"You're asking the wrong question. Should they make up their mind regardless of celebrity or other opinions? Yeah, probably, in a perfect world. But people do care about such things so it does matter.",positive
And this is relevant to my statement in what way?  We live in a society where celebrities and influencers have real impacts on their audiences.  The morality of it is a separate discussion.,neutral
"""Is"" and ""ought"" are very different things. It can be true that celebrity endorsements might influence voting patterns whilst also being true that they shouldn't.",positive
"""Why? Why should anyone care which celebrity endorses which candidate?""

Because millions and millions of people *look up to this celebrity as a person.*",positive
You're kidding me. Part of the reasons Swifties have been so annoying is because they're adults.,negative
"Taylor Swift is older than you think, probably 2/3's of her followers are over 18, probably 1/3 are over 27.",positive
How out of touch can you be,neutral
I teach college and my students are her target audience...and they vote.,neutral
"Are you aware of how many followers she has? I am not trying to dunk on you because I was not aware of how many Swifties there are and how dedicated they are until recently. If even 20% of them, which is probably a conservative estimate, are eligible to vote in the 2024 US Presidential Election then this is big news.",positive
Better late than never and I won’t begrudge her the company she keeps if she’s willing to come out and openly endorse Kamala to rally her army of millions of Swifties,positive
The only people that it’s late for are the people that were expecting a celebrity endorsement. The Swifties are tapped in- nothing Swift related makes it past them.,positive
"Judging by the fact Kamala walked out to The Man and that Harris/Walz are selling friendship bracelets, I imagine this was pre-prepared and coordinated with the Democrats weeks ago, rather than a response to her going and watching tennis…",positive
Taylor had a totally different box from where Brittney Mahomes was at. Did they hangout after the game?,neutral
"It's a master class in timing. I thought if it was going to happen it would happen later, but he just got the shit kicked out of him he's laying on the the ground bleeding mumbling something about Alf and cats and then Swift just came in and curbed stomped him while he is down. Bravo Taylor.",positive
Imagine if she did show up for a Harris rally. The numbers attending would be absolutely massive; 100× whatever trump could ever pull. That would eat at him no end!,negative
"Oh god last season it was every touchdown. Their running back got his first touchdown and instead of his family cheering they showed Taylor. It isnt her fault, but the NFL producers had it bad.",negative
Agreed. Also lets agree fuck Ohio.,neutral
"Probably. Don't know, was sick of the constant talking about her. I think I hate Kelci now honestly.",positive
“Who’s afraid of little old me? You should be.”,neutral
"nice try:

https://www.forbes.com/sites/marisadellatto/2023/03/14/more-than-half-of-us-adults-say-theyre-taylor-swift-fans-survey-finds/",positive
lol  please do tell the math in her jet usage vs. the methods you're suggesting offset it.,positive
"If they turn out at the polls… that’s always, always, *always* the question",neutral
"Early voting begins next week in PA and soon after elsewhere. A Swift endorsement today could lead to locked in Gen Z voters and GOTV volunteers for the duration. If she waited, you miss that window.",positive
"Thanks for the good discussion, versus most of the responses that don't acknowledge that there are tricky trade-offs involved.",positive
Hes fyred ,neutral
So what you are saying is that it’s a big deal because too many voters care too much about what celebrities think?,positive
"I don’t quite buy that the influence of celebrity endorsement is that huge. 

Sure, influencers and whatever may impact on certain beliefs or ideology, but implying something like “a huge chunk of people will vote for x candidate because this huge artist endorsed the candidate” is a stretch.",positive
[deleted],neutral
[deleted],neutral
"I can't understand the notion that having a friend who has opposed politics is impossible. One of my best friends is a trump guy. He isn't wearing the hats or going to rallies buying shoes or NFTs. But he will be voting for him. 


We agree to disagree on politics. When we discuss it, we always keep it civil, even if we do throw some fun jabs about gaffes. 


Can it be difficult sometimes? Yes. Is it still with it to maintain my friendship? Absolutely. We've been friends for two decades. Nothing is changing that any time soon. 


Sometimes, friendship is weird as fuck like that.

Edit: Really? Getting down votes for having a healthy friendship?",positive
Wwe sells those bracelets too. It’s just a product,neutral
Tennis….,neutral
"49ers fan, fuck both you guys but also let's vote this orange asshole out of office.",negative
"Bears fan living in Cincinnati, who has come to love/hate the Bengals as well. And I'll even jump into the fuck Ohio agreement. Except Cincy, it's like a little bubble from the rest of the shit show of the state.",positive
"As a Lions fan, can we get all the Midwest football fans to join us in a hearty ""Fuck Ohio!""?",neutral
"Eagles fan, so fuck all youse. I mean I’m still going to vote with you guys, but don’t think this is going to be a habit, being nice and all.",positive
Swifts influence resulted in the biggest number of people registering to vote ever in a single hour.   She will absolutely have an impact and is standing up for women’s rights.,positive
[deleted],neutral
https://www.green.earth/blog/taylor-swifts-eras-tour-its-carbon-footprint-and-offset-strategies,neutral
Good point. I was not aware. Thanks.,positive
Yes,positive
Yes and no. Her endorsement will most likely energize a lot of young people to vote who may have otherwise stayed home.,positive
I don’t think in this case.,neutral
Let’s see how many brand new people register to vote in the next few days.,neutral
"A huge swath of the country voted for trump on name recognition alone. Before that, huge numbers voted for Bush because of his name. Before that, it was Reagan. Do you see a pattern?",positive
"The 1/3 part, yeah.",positive
She's been a star for literal decades. I followed her when she was younger and I'm now 30. You only have to be 18 to vote. ,neutral
You know you only have to be 18 to vote right? And her break out songs came out like 16 years ago? So do some math,positive
Not everyone’s fine being friends with someone that supports a bigoted wannabe fascist,positive
"I agree with you, and I think this is kind of thing that is getting lost with social media “friendships”",positive
"I upvote you kind sir, believe me I have my own experiences with conservative MAGA people. Many of the people on my job are them and oftentimes I can be civil and reasonable with them.

Most of the reasons they want Trump in office is because they had more money in their pockets while he was there. It’s all personal benefit stuff. I just nod and agree with them since they are so thick.",positive
"that’s different to openly embracing someone, whose endorsement was very publicly accepted by trump.",positive
"> Getting down votes for having a healthy friendship?

Being friends with someone who supports a racist, rapist, misogynist, felon who also stole money from a children's charity does not sound like a healthy friendship.",positive
"Interesting, I only follow the football side of things, I didn't even know there was a US open until your post and then saw it on TMZ, thank you",positive
"Seahwaks fan that has issues with all you guys (OK, not you, Ravens fan, you're cool) and is in total agreement. Vote in November to not only keep Trump out of office, but to vote in a woman more than qualified to take the presidential oath.",positive
"Jets fan who really fucking hates the Niners this week..and every other team listed here because you’ve all shellacked us in recent history. Thank you all for being on the right side of history politically, even if I abhor your football affiliations.",negative
"As a Packers fan I hate your team, but I also hate the color orange and fascism. 🤝",negative
"Well if it didnt have an effect, then celebrity endorsements wouldn’t be a thing 😙",positive
"that's the strategy I expected....I thought it was a green approach to concert going but actually just throwing money at purchasing ""carbon offsets"" that supposedly trickle down to appear to show offset and feel better.",positive
Well that’s really depressing.,negative
[deleted],neutral
"Fair, let me ask you a question. Did her choosing to vote for Harris change your position from Trump or were you going to vote Harris anyway?

I think the latter.",positive
"Right? This is a real person that I see in real life that I have real love for. He was my boss for 2 years at a group home. He's a good man who has used his opportunities to make a difference in the lives of children. I'm 100% sure that he wanted me around so that the kids had a progressive POV in the home. ""Iron sharpens iron,"" as the saying goes.",positive
I mean you can't exactly hate ravens fans. You guys sign alot of our former players. XD,positive
[deleted],neutral
Well until there’s a green way to travel with a giant pop show with 100s of staff around the world this is about the best anyone can do.,positive
"Depends on your outlook. Most peoples' reasons for voting a particular way are pretty bad and poorly thought out anyway. I mean, one of the strongest indicators of electoral results is gas prices, which has a lot less to do with the president than people think. The economy, the biggest issue for most voters, is so much bigger than a president's policies. People vote for who their friends like, who their church likes, who their family likes, etc. They vote based on vibes and they vote superficially. It's just part of democracy.",positive
It's depressing but we need all the support we can get against Trump. Politics is also a popularity contest not just a policy contest I would love a world where politics was only about policy but we don't live in that type of world.,positive
"The 1/3 part I was making up.

 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taylor_Swift?wprov=sfla1

This show how old she is and how popular she has been in the past 10+ years.",positive
"Lmao, yeah I was making the 1/3 of her fans being over 27 part up, but it's [likely higher](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.abc.net.au/article/103457252).",positive
"How is that relevant to how old her fan base is?

My answer, either way, doesn't change the fact that the claim that most of her fans aren't old enough to vote doesn't really hold up to scrutiny.",positive
"It's the additional registrations and attendance that will matter, not any conversions from one to the other. 

There's bound to be some articles coming out soon that will analyze any bump in numbers, and hopefully explaining their statistical methods of how they know those fluctuations can be attributed to this.",positive
"> He's a good man who has used his opportunities to make a difference in the lives of children.

So he's a good many who makes a difference in the lives of children while supporting a man who literally stole money from a children's charity? You realize how insane that sounds right?",positive
Please don’t bring up our trade prowess. Or lack thereof.,neutral
Well to be fair Trump started it with his dumb AI posts,neutral
"Democracy relies on voters to do their best to figure out what’s best for the society. That’s why we give them the power to vote, rather than giving the power to only selected individuals.

If one thinks that gas price is the most important issue, then sure. At least they think addressing that issue is critical.

 This isn’t just about presidential election. This is about any election.  

Relying on others to do the leg work of figuring out who would be the best candidate is just lazy and irresponsible as a member of democracy. I agree that there are people who vote for whoever their friends/family vote, and I’d honestly feel sad to see that.",positive
"That's fine. Do you think those people are now changing their decision from Trump to Harris because of Taylor swift?

I don't, I think all those people were probably going to vote Harris anyway.",positive
"You brought up your personal experience, so I asked you a personal question. I think that's fairly relevant for the information you provided in this context. Anyway, I'm not in disagreement. I answered with fair. Meaning, you had a point and I acknowledged it.",positive
At least your not Cleveland.,neutral
The amount of people who do what you want and actually dive into the issues to form their own opinions is miniscule. I just kind of accept it as what it is. Democracy is flawed but it's better than the alternatives.,positive
We haven’t done any of this since we allowed candidate Richard Nixon to get away with stopping Vietnam War negotiations because he promised them a better dead,negative
"What you're saying makes sense, it's just sadly not how a large swath of the country operates. Yes, people should do their own research. Yes, people should stay at least modestly informed on government and even foreign affairs. People should do the leg work. Unfortunately, by and large, most regular working people do not. People get their info in bursts these days and typically from their social nets or social media. 

Taylor Swift, who has a large and loyal following, has a voice that can reach a lot of people who would otherwise not really care about politics. That's actually a really good thing. I think getting more people to care about / pay attention to politics is a necessary and patriotic thing, and probably a step in the right direction towards the way of life you're hoping we someday reach. She even says in her endorsement to do your research and see which candidate speaks to you. These are good things to say to people who otherwise wouldn't turn out or be interested at all.",positive
"When I was younger, Taylor Swift fans were overwhelmingly conservative Christians, but then again I did grow up in NC. I'm out of the loop as to who her fans are now, but I would wager that a significant portion are still conservative Christians as Trump himself and others have been seeking her endorsement going so far as faking it. So yeah this endorsement can change some minds, but it can also encourage young people to go out and vote, which is a huge problem already.",positive
"Agreed. And by the way, I do appreciate your source because it gives US fanbase specifically.",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
Trump just got Swiftvoted.,neutral
"She ended with the 

> Taylor Swift

>Childless Cat Lady

JD Vance can't escape from this ever. lol",positive
Awww shit look what you made me do.,negative
She signed it as Childless Cat Lady. That’s quite a bit of votes for that alone.,negative
"As a childless cat man, I approve this message.",neutral
"44% of adults call themselves Swifties.

[More than half of U.S. adults call themselves fans of Taylor Swift - CBS Minnesota (cbsnews.com)](https://www.cbsnews.com/minnesota/news/more-than-half-of-u-s-adults-call-themselves-fans-of-taylor-swift/)

[More Than Half Of U.S. Adults Say They’re Taylor Swift Fans, Survey Finds (forbes.com)](https://www.forbes.com/sites/marisadellatto/2023/03/14/more-than-half-of-us-adults-say-theyre-taylor-swift-fans-survey-finds/)

Taylor's endorsement will certainly have an impact with any Swiftie that may have been on the fence until now.

Donnie and MAGA fucked with another strong, badass woman and they will lose because of it.",positive
I think she’s just made 5-15 million young women vote.,neutral
I can finally stop hearing people pretend she's secretly MAGA now. When that was so obviously never true.,negative
[deleted],neutral
"Yeah but Trump has Hulk Hogan and Mike Lindell. Don't those two cancel out Swift? 

/s",positive
Game over for Trump,neutral
She got 20% rise in the nfl viewership . I think she can swing this too,neutral
Imma say yes,positive
"I feel like if she waited, it wouldn’t have the same impact as now after the debate vs a few weeks from now.

This was a hard disrespect to Donolds performance and speech, live, by one of the worlds most popular women. That’s a punch to the gut and a knee to the face.",positive
"Hopefully encourage younger voter turnout.


Trump is going to lose his fucking mind over this.",positive
"LOL. 

Her posing with her cat kinda sealed it.",positive
"It will get some more young people to vote, it’s also about getting people registered",neutral
Honestly most of her fans would support Harris no matter what. It does however cause people who likely weren't going to vote and didn't pay any attention to the election to decide to go vote. If she could push people to register she'd be a massive influence.,positive
I’m surprised MSNBC chose this headline,positive
Yes. Yes it will.,positive
There it is. Thank you so much Tay Tay.,positive
Swifties! Assemble.,neutral
Good thing Trump doesn’t really know JD Vance or he’d feel really stupid about this.,negative
" Biden won Arizona by only 11,000 votes!  Every vote counts.",positive
">Will it make a difference. 

Duh? 

Taylor Swift probably could have endorsed herself and had a legitimate foot in the race. If there’s one person who has a larger cult of personality around them than Trump, it’s Swift.",positive
great timing waiting until around the debate instead during the dnc to endorse,positive
[friendship bracelets now available on the Harris/Walz merch store](https://store.kamalaharris.com/harris-walz-friendship-bracelet-2-pack/),positive
Impressive.,positive
"Yes.

*Very Yes.*",positive
Twist the knife after getting wrecked by Harris,neutral
Trump just felt some extra tightness in his chest.,neutral
"Childless cat lady, a Vance burn without naming him.",neutral
Putin in absolute shambles right now.,neutral
Oh man. Tonight is.... Delicious,positive
Yes it will make a difference.  Historically 18-22 year olds are an apathetic voting base.  Swift pushing people to turn up and vote will matter.,positive
She has 280 million followers many of which are beyond obsessed. Most the swing states were decided by what? 0.01% of that?,negative
"Will it make a difference?

...Asks the apparent boomer who doesn't seem to understand what Swifties are.",neutral
"Wha???? Oh no, this will really wreck Trumpy's night after his sad weak and weird debate performance!",negative
"280 MILLION Swifties. Yes, it makes a difference.",positive
She's the princess of America. Prob the only celeb endorsement that counts,positive
Pfft. Big deal. Trump has Hulk Hogan. I’m sure the hulkamaniacs outnumber the swifties. /s,positive
"And I just have to add, that her cat looks delicious! /s",positive
"ladies, please help this country come Nov.

*a 60 yr old dude*",positive
Doesn’t matter. Vote!!!,positive
"I think it will. Anyway, good she did.",positive
Hell yes! Let's make the Swifties that cannot vote happy and keep this country moving forward!,negative
"This is more about getting people to vote rather than changing their opinions. I'm sure there are some completely apolitical people who would be swayed by a celebrity endorsement, but that's a small number. This is about left leaning individuals who normally don't take the time out of their day to vote.",positive
Give it to Ms. Swift. She knows when to strike while the iron is hot.,positive
Uhhh... Yes it will make a difference.,positive
That’s it. 3.7m likes in half hour. It is over for the orange guy.,positive
You're kidding me right? It will absolutely have a dramatic effect on voter turnout for Harris.,positive
only If you get the 18 to 25 demographic to vote.,neutral
"She had over a quarter million likes on the post in 4 minutes. Clearly, someone is listening.",positive
"**Her real power will be getting young women to register**. The passion and support for Harris was already there, but translating the desire to wear a t-shirt, recite a slogan, post supportive messages on social media etc. all counts, BUT ONLY IF IT'S FOLLOWED UP BY VOTING. That last step is always the difficulty with younger people. 

Taylor just got 10,000,000 + young women ready to make a real difference on election day by  overwhelming the old, white, male vote.",positive
NYT: The most popular celebrity in the world just endorsed Kamala Harris. Here’s why that’s bad for Kamala Harris,positive
"She has a ton of draw and can make her fans go out and vote. So yes, I believe it can make a difference",positive
I really picture JD Vance team angrily slow turning toward him after reading the “childless cat lady” signature.,negative
It definitely will. She's essentially the most famous person in the country.,positive
It definitely won’t hurt.,negative
"Trump didn’t prepare. His entire speech was lies, finger-pointing, and honestly a bunch of bullshit. Whether you are a democrat or a republican, the choice was clear. Just as it was for me when Biden stumbled at his debate, I wouldn’t or had a hard time voting for him. However, we deserve honest, clear, and policy driven candidates. Trump is a fucking joke. An absolute fucking joke. What a loser.",positive
Yes.,positive
Taylor Swift: Harris campaign surrogate?,positive
Yes,positive
This is pretty huge.,positive
"Yeah, and the funny thing is there aren’t all that many things that would make a bigger difference than this.",positive
"It matters a lot. People might’ve been like eh too much effort to register/vote, I’ll do it later, is Kamala really the best choice etc. Swift’s endorsement will get more people out to vote. It’s in the thousands, it matters a lot.",positive
Yes. Next question.,positive
"Just her reminding people they have to register to be able to vote will help. Many young Swifties who don't have political parents, or have conservative parents may not have known that. More young people turn 18 every year and she has a huge following.",positive
"Yes, yes it does",positive
"It makes me sad that the US (and world in general) work they in this pathetically frivolous manner… but yes, it’s to be expected it will have an effect on US voters. Luckily, stupidity favors the lesser evil in this case.",negative
"Typically speaking, endorsements have little to no impact. Yes, when Oprah, Hulk Hogan, or Beyonce endorses someone, it will trigger dozens, hundreds, potentially thousands of people across the country to vote for their candidate of choice, but when you divide them out among 50 states, and then only focus on the swing states, those swings in voters are largely irrelevant. 

Having said that, there are celebrities in every generation who have enough of a fervent fan base that their endorsement can be a potential scale tipper, and this generation's celebrity that likely fits that bill is Swift. Her endorsement might actually push tens of thousands, maybe over a hundred thousand people who otherwise were not going to vote or were undecided/voting third party to instead vote for Harris. With the tight margins that exist in swing states, a Taylor Swift endorsement that leads to a few thousand more Harris voters in say Pennsylvania or North Carolina could be the deciding factor.",positive
I think it will motivate a non-zero number of young women to “do their research” and conclude that Kamala represents their interests better.,positive
"> Will it make a difference?

The Swifty swing vote",neutral
"As a childless but coton de tulear mom, I approve this message",neutral
"It probably does in that Taylor probably read the tea leaves first. If she's finally endorsing her, that means she and her camp feel Harris has a good chance to win.",positive
Oh f,neutral
Can’t hurt,negative
"Jeez, if the play list selection on my car radio matters, it will definitely make a difference.",positive
Yes,positive
Yes,positive
She will deliver Pennsylvania,neutral
"I don’t know why it would, but sure. She sings songs, i wonder how the fuck that matters. Jk i know how it matters but it’s sad.",negative
I think she waited way too long. She needs to do some GOTV if she wants it to make a difference. Waiting until news is being flooded with debate info isn’t the ideal time.,positive
"T+K, total knockout. Esp. If Swift can mobilize her younger fans to register & vote.",positive
Her endorsement is more powerful than the shitshow Trump put on at the debate.,positive
"Donald Trump knew enough about how much power a Taylor Swift endorsement carries, that he attempted to manipulate people into believing he had her endorsement.  Despite the obvious danger that she would publicly call it out and endorse Harris.

Trump threw that Hail Mary because he knew he needed it.  The *ghost* of Swift's endorsement was enough for him to overextend.",positive
"It’s not just the post.  She also allowed Harris to exit the debate to one of her songs and I would assume that the Harris campaign asked her permission to sell friendship bracelets as a fundraiser. 

 ",positive
Sure won’t hurt,negative
"The ""will it make a difference"" is so unnecessary in this headline.",neutral
It may motivated unregistered voters to do so and vote but the electoral college is the true hurdle. As we know the popular vote can mean nothing.,positive
"Whatever the result, women will be to blame.",negative
"Yes I think it matters. Taylor appeals to a segment of the population that tends to be disengaged from politics, unless of course Taylor tells them to go vote.",positive
"Well, it certainly won’t hurt.",neutral
"Oh boy, another name added to the list of political opponents he will want jailed if he wins.",positive
I'm pretty sure the swift fans were voting for her anyway,positive
"If you need a celebrity to tell you how to vote, you probably shouldn’t be voting.",neutral
"Can we get a joint Kamala Taylor campaign concert please?

These women should break all existing records for “size”",positive
That’s a lot of young votes Taylor has influence over. Definitely makes a difference.,positive
"I think it plays to her demo which is young white women.   That definitely matters for this election.    

For someone like me, a middle aged black man it’s not really a game changer but hell I was already voting for Harris",negative
Why do people give a crap what some singer says about who she is voting for? If people can't figure out on their own that Harris is the better choice then that's just pitiful.,negative
"Like she was going to endorse anyone else. Anyways, who the fuck cares who celebrities endorse. Think for yourselves.",positive
Yes the biggest celebrity endorsing a candidate will matter as it gives fans who may not care about politics much a sway on the issue,neutral
Motivating new young voters is always a good thing for democracy.,positive
It won’t hurt.,negative
JD off fucking a couch while angrily weeping rn.,negative
This will make a big difference. Her post with the picture of her and a cat and signing as “childless cat lady” is brilliant. I will be streaming her music today to show some appreciation!,positive
Omg they had that queued up. I truly hope so at this point because the meat bags and cancer riddled assholes running the media are not doing future generations any justice.,neutral
"IMHO yes it will, she has the power to motivate young women to vote like nobody else.",positive
Did she need to see the full debate to make that decision? After a weekend of hanging out with MAGA Maholmes.,neutral
[deleted],neutral
[deleted],neutral
"The last 2 elections were very close. The Electoral College made it seem like larger margins, but if you drill down to many swing state results, the margins were tiny.

I don't think celebrity endorsements make much difference, but even a small fraction could be make-or-break here. I still doubt Taylor Swift will be the difference maker, but it doesn't seem impossible.",negative
Not really,neutral
Nope,neutral
No.,neutral
"anyone else find it scary that people base their vote in such an important election on a celebrity? Of course the same goes for people who base their voting on what their minister says, or jebus.",negative
"I would like to say that no it won't make a difference? Who the hell listens to a pop singer about where to cast their vote for their country leader?

But sadly I know better, and I know a ton of people who really don't give a shit will be swayed by this.

It's good in this instance I guess if it stops the orange poo flinger from taking office but it feels yucky.",positive
Panic time. Call the swifties!!!,negative
I don’t know if I’d be gloating about the most annoying person in America supporting me but cool,positive
A lot of TS's followers are not old enough to vote. They need to convince their parents,positive
[deleted],neutral
[deleted],neutral
Why should I care what she thinks if she doesn’t care about our environment?,positive
Hahaha! Brilliant!,positive
Swiftly outvoted?,positive
More like swift kicked in the ass.,positive
"Oh man, it just keeps getting worse for that guy and in 3 weeks or so he's got to debate Tim Walz and he's gonna get fucking wrecked and look like an asshole.",negative
I’d argue at this point that JD Vance has done more to help Kamala get elected than he has Trump.,positive
"Thank you for being such a weird asshole, couchfucker!",positive
Vance can’t get off the couch on CNN. He couldn’t stand up.,neutral
"Okay, good",positive
Looks like Taylor won’t be touring in Springfield,positive
"I was listening to one of my favorite podcasts (No such thing as a fish) which is based in England and when the word couch came up one of the hosts mentioned Vance.  And then they talked about it for about 10 minutes.  

He's a worldwide joke.",positive
"As a childless cat parent couple, my partner and I approve this message",neutral
"As a childless catless and single man, I also approve this message. I wish I could have a cat but it's tough in this day and age",neutral
As a catless child-man I approve your approval,positive
"As a childless normal man, I am depressed I should get a cat",negative
Aye aye!,neutral
There are dozens of us!,neutral
"As a human with one cat and four children, I approve this message.",neutral
"As a catless man-child,  I'm still waiting for Ja Rule to weigh in before i make a decision",neutral
"As a catless childman, I do as well.",positive
I think her endorsement matters less in flipping people and more so in turning out voters who would likely be Harris voters who may not have registered,positive
"It was a surprisingly well thought out text.  She didn’t oppose any one voting for Trump, but gave her reason for voting for Harris.  Never heard her speak much before, so don’t know if that was her or partly her PR team.",positive
"If the younger gens show up and vote.  I am a young gen -x and I organize volunteer activities. My generation kind of sucks. The younger gens are increasing my best volunteers. They show up, roll up their sleeves, and get to work. I think polls may be missing these voters.",positive
Wait till you realise Swift has been entertaining 3 generations of people...,positive
Oprah is hosting a virtual event next week for Harris. Between these two women I think Harris should get a good sized boost.,positive
I think it matters with young white women more than anything.,neutral
I don't think there are many Swifties on the fence.  The endorsement might help encourage them to actually turn out and vote though.,positive
I think it was smart to post her post-debate response. Hopefully this causes those sitting on the fence to watch the debate themselves and not look at curated cuts that may not fully shed light on the questions/responses.,positive
"I’m skeptical of this, but let’s hope it does happen.",positive
Probably more than that. She has 280 million instagram followers.,neutral
[deleted],neutral
Should be illegal. Blind votes for either side are idiotic ones,negative
There are people who still think Trump is the real president behind the scenes. They are a lost cause.,negative
It was an insane thing to think given that she endorsed Biden in 2020.,negative
"Those type of people genuinely believe that only brown, black and queer people are left-leading. A straight white lady dating a football player just has to be on their side. Not having her shatters their worldview.",positive
"A good number of comments on r/taylorswift were saying that she was publicly endorsing Kamala while secretly voting Trump … because that makes sense? If it was in her best interest for Trump to win (ignoring the fact that she spelled out exactly why she was voting for Kamala), why would she encourage her fans to vote against that? She would have been better off saying nothing",positive
"Every single one of those people was a wilfully gibbering moron. 


Getting to that conclusion takes a level of stupidity, a pattern of inexcusably bad reasoning, that one has to cultivate.",negative
"Her music isn’t to my taste, but I have mad respect for her. Fucking over Scooter after what he did and now this, is pure gold. I will contribute my one like to her account.",positive
"At 3.5 million and still climbing quick… it’s going to make a huge difference. Plus, this timing leaves a good month for registration with all of her young followers, especially in those deep red and swing states. 😊",positive
And Obama's half brother and Walz's estranged brother!,neutral
Ummmm KID ROCK???,neutral
You left out Elon and RFKJr.,neutral
People need time to register. Her endorsement is about people who haven't voted before.,positive
Yeah but this basically makes all the head lines taylor endorses harris after the debate. Signaling a clear harris win. Instead of allowing the result of the debate to be spun in any other way,positive
"I think it was a good time, because she points back to the debate. This will force those undecided voters to potentially review the debate to see how it went down and may help influence their decision.",positive
The post she put up today apparently linked to voter registration websites. She's gotten people to register before.,neutral
I agree. Let’s embrace Harris not give hope to trump shit for clicks.,negative
how very cnn of them.,neutral
"I’m just imagining the pitch meeting between Taylor and the Kamala campaign, laying out the timeline for the endorsement and the merch options to do the absolute most damage to Trump. Delicious.",positive
Who names their cat Tonight?,neutral
Exactly.   Her endorsement is huge.,positive
lol BROTHER!!!,positive
This 52 year old dude seconds this,neutral
"to be fair, it's a lot easier for someone to like a post then to actually get up and vote",positive
"I think it was always the plan to do it after the debate.  If things had gone poorly it would have dominated the news cycle.  Since Harris so clearly won, it just enhances it.",positive
"lol.  
She was always voting for Harris and she was always going to endorse her publicly. 

The timing is strategic, not an act of tea leaf reading.",positive
"And Texas.

And Florida.

And Ohio.",neutral
She runs a more profitable business than Trump,positive
"I disagree, the momentum post Biden resigned is starting to flatten at a +4 for Harris.

This debate + Taylor is a launching pad to reignite momentum for a stronger lead.",negative
"Many of her fans are GenZ and millennials who live in Republican rural bubbles, so I would not necessarily agree",negative
"Well, I’d say Trump has more power to motivate young women to vote, but the two of them together should be a good one-two punch.",positive
"Doubtful, she probably just waited to embellish the debate win with her endorsement.  It really rubs it in.",positive
I think it was agreed with the Harris campaign.  Harris left the stage to a Swift song and is now selling friendship bracelets.  ,positive
"You know Harris KNEW about this beforehand, right? They literally had Taylor Swift-themed merchandise ready to drop on her campaign website. This wasn't a reactionary decision by Taylor, it was masterfully calculated by both her and Harris' team.",positive
"That is false. Deadlines for registration in battleground states are: 

- Arizona: October 7th
- Georgia: October 7th
- Michigan: Election Day before 8 PM
- Minnesota: Election Day
- Nevada: Same day during early voting or - Election Day 
- North Carolina: October 11th or same day - during early voting which is October 17th- November 2nd
- Pennsylvania: October 21st

And just for funsies: 
- Florida: October 7th
- Texas: October 7th 

Many states have different dates for online registration vs in person and different deadlines for mail in vs in person voting, so make sure to double check those based on how you’re voting this year!",negative
Which of the states is it already too late?,neutral
Worse is a party that puts up an unqualified candidate for Presidency based on celebrity.  And it worked in 2016.,negative
Ummm…swift has been out since 2006. Many of her followers are old enough to vote. Where you been?,neutral
"Taylor Swift tickets are impossible to get.  Please, give them up and they'll immediately be taken.",positive
"Someone get their feelings hurt, show me where she hurt you",negative
You bet but don't have any evidence?,neutral
Walz will bring out the couch..,neutral
"Please go look at r/trump right now. The level of coping they are doing this morning is something else. They won’t care about how bad it goes. There are grown men over there just lying to each other about how trump “demolished” Harris, even though the entire world watched him up there looking like a lunatic.",negative
"Well he already looks like an asshole, so he’s just going to get wrecked.",positive
History shows vice presidents really don't help that much. But the Republicans managed to find two that really hurt them in recent memory.,negative
A wrecked asshole?,neutral
That's assuming JD Vance can get off the couch,neutral
Can’t wait for that,neutral
[deleted],neutral
I hope Walz will do as great as Harris did tonight!,positive
"Got my husband a ""Coach vs. Couch 2024"" t-shirt!",neutral
"Being a senator is a pretty big job. I don't understand how we get weirdos like Vance and Cruz. In a whole state, THIS was your best?",positive
As a definately human person with no cats I support this message.,positive
"Another proud soon-to-married cat daddy here. My two youngins just said “fuck Trump and fuck JD, too.” Wish I got it on video.",positive
"As a parent to a human and cat (and 3 dogs), I also approve this message.",neutral
That’s ok. My wife will take in multiple cats for your lack of cat.,negative
Cats are amazing pets. [Here’s an article about the joys of owning a cat](https://www.helpguide.org/wellness/pets/joys-of-owning-a-cat).,positive
"Right.  Especially if she keeps encouraging her fans to register and vote.  

2020 was decided by a few thousand votes in a few swing states.  All you have to do is get about 20k more swifties to vote in each of those states, who might not have, and that's it. Game over.",positive
All you need to watch out for is when Taylor Swift posts a website to register to vote....then note the time after said post the website crashes.,positive
The youth vote alone could be massive as a result.,negative
"Agreed, and this is perhaps more important. The majoruty of Americans lean left. The democratic votes have been there to win every election since 2000, but the problem is getting people to cast them.",neutral
Precisely. Swift will help push turnout for Harris.,positive
She’s an incredible songwriter who knows how to use words with surgical precision. I wouldn’t be shocked if this was 100% her writing.,negative
I have to wonder how long ago she composed that post before she pulled the trigger.,neutral
Yeah. There's no way these pollsters are calling mobile phones and they wouldn't be able to if these voters weren't enrolled anyway.,neutral
I’m a millennial and I ignore all unsolicited poll/politcal texts/calls assuming they are phishing scams or the like. I also forget to reply to non business related texts for days or sometimes weeks. Not proud of the latter but I’m guessing it’s not just me.,negative
"Gen X here too, and totally agree. Millennials don't show up either. On the other hand, Gen Z, and now Alpha too... man they will have to be reckoned with! I could not be more hopeful for our country",positive
"People from other counties aren't allowed to vote in US elections though.


She has a big international fan base.",positive
The turnout is going to be in all the right places,neutral
Pretty much all republican votes are blind votes if you say that. No matter what atrocious thing Trump does they still vote for him.,positive
"
>There are people who still think Trump is the real president behind the scenes.

Like a ... Deep State?",positive
"But yet we are in such a bad situation because of Biden, who is a shadow puppet for Obama. But Trump never lost, he is still the president…. 

Make it make sense",negative
There are people who think Biden is dead and we’re watching a clone of him inside the White House. I actually know someone who believes this and a reporter on PBS pointed out a woman she interviewed this week who believes this too. Some people are just dumb and delusional.,negative
We really need to be an education forward country so we can make the moron class irrelevant again.,negative
"She started dating an (at least publicly) left-leaning football player. So that means he's secretly MAGA, too.",neutral
"Not all of these people who were accusing Swift of being a Trumper were assuming it was ""their side"" she was on, especially in r/politics. 


100% of them are deeply stupid people though.",negative
Not to mention that they also think no one on the left works and we all need government handouts.,negative
"Ah, yes, classic move.",positive
Roll purgers starting to sweat.,neutral
It's actually Walz's Grandpa's Brothers estranged family. I don't know any of my 2nd or 3rd cousins.,neutral
And Kevin sorbo!,neutral
As does this 54 year old dude.,neutral
probably not florida though.  the stupid is too think there,negative
"I agree, I’m sure it was coordinated.",positive
lol shilling for a billionaire who doesn’t give a fuck about you,negative
yeah I completely agree. its insanity to wote on a person just because you know them from tv and you heard they're a good business man/woman.,positive
"The first debate to be held on a couch. Tim picks a tasteful burgundy, with supple leather accents. Vance is visibly sweaty with a small protrusion from his pantaloons the entire debate. Tim offers him a donut. 

The aristocrats!",neutral
"In true Midwestern style, Walz’s dagger will be to ask Vance to help him pick out new upholstery",positive
lol I read coach at first then reread hahaha,positive
"It will be pure entertainment, and you know Walz will use Trumps catch phrase against him.",positive
Needs to be the one from Fake Agent ahah,negative
He should present JD with donuts as a gift before the debate.,positive
can be bring a futon as a guest to the debate?,neutral
That’s their only path to victory. Loudly declare victory over and over. Many Undecideds are people who don’t watch news basically. They only hear about politics through the frame of gossip,negative
"Vance pretty much puts his foot in his mouth by saying something incredibly offensive almost every time he goes out on a public event.  That's part of the problem and why he has record setting low approval ratings as a VP candidate. 

In the last 24 hours or so he has spread a fake story about immigrants eating pets, called the news cry babies for pointing out that this was a lie, encouraged people to keep spreading the lie, and then, despite being informed by the actual police of the city in question that it's not true, continued to insist that it might be. 

That's pretty much a microcosm of the JD Vance experience, except it's normally saying offensive shit about women.  The man is a walking 4chan post.",negative
Sherrod brown in ohio us also great it makes no sense they have him and vance at the same time.,positive
Picked by rich dickheads who spend the media money,positive
"As 14 cats In a trenchcoat, I support this message",positive
As a human I support this message.,positive
Thank you ALF :),positive
Wait a minute… are you sure you are from Texas and not Ohio ALF?,positive
"Yeah I desperately want a cat and/or a dog now I live alone, but just for the sake of the animal, I need to wait just a couple months more or until early 2025 to get used to my new job and stabilize my life a little bit!!",negative
"Hell, if she brings in enough voters for Kamala to win PA, it’s over.",negative
"The GOP will still be obstructive in the House and the Senate. They still have the 6-3 in the Supreme Court 

And that's not even mentioning State level elections. 

____ 

If Harris Wins, it's just going to be another feckless Obama Administration. 

Dems won't have the 60 votes to break the Filibuster and they're too cowardly to change the rules on Day 1 because ""Status Quo"" 

____

That's not me saying I want Trump or the GOP to win and hold the majority. I'm saying nothing is going to change.. 

But nothing is better than marching towards Fascism",positive
She said that she's going to post on her stories so that'll be interesting ,positive
"I’m stoked too but I think this is a bit generous.

She’s solid at what she does, conventionally gorgeous, and has some people working with her who recognize timing, constraints, and opportunities better than most. All this in America, where folks worship the kind of beautiful she is.",positive
"I remember that when Trump won in 2016 someone (maybe she did) released a behind the scenes video where she is talking with a whole group of people on wether or not she should release an endorsement for Hillary.  She saw how vile he was back then and didn’t want him to be president, but the studio and all her management didn’t want her to alienate her Trump supporters.  That’s why I am curious if the team had a hand writing this because it feels like something a PR team has spent some time on.",positive
"Yeah, she's definitely been planning this. That was a perfectly written message. I think she deliberately waited until right after the debate.",positive
"Also nobody born during and after Clinton was in office answers the phone if it's an unknown number. And if they do, they hang up the moment they hear it's a survey.",positive
Yes of course,positive
"Yea, no doubt. But so is “vote blue no matter who” 

It’s dangerous when there are two idiots who get blind votes",negative
I said that to a MAGA supporter and the walked away from me lmaooo,positive
Ironically the heritage foundation and the federalists society are the republican's deep state.,neutral
"https://youtu.be/4eJ0mUDu7pE

I honestly can't believe how fucking stupid his base is.",negative
I do wonder if he's going to come out with an official opinion or endorsement now.,positive
It's a slightly older phenomenon but it did happen with the trumpers claiming her,neutral
Ted Nugent?!,neutral
"Heh, don’t forget this 53 year old fella!",negative
"That's a work of pure fucking poetry.

I can almost hear my mind channeling Sagat's voice for the delivery.",neutral
I appreciate you.,positive
I pictured the black leather couch.,neutral
why did i read this with david attenboroughs voice?,neutral
Ugh that was the worst version so far... Very apt,negative
As a trenchcoat housing 14 cats i support this message.,positive
"Texas. We have 4 cats. I have eaten anywhere from 0 to 2 cats that we know of. I love the current four too much to eat them, although one is quite plump.",positive
A very responsible choice. Some people just jump right into it with little to no thought or consideration for the pet.,positive
"> If Harris Wins, it's just going to be another feckless Obama Administration. 

This is where I disagree, in the event that the turnout is big enough to give the Dems the house and senate, as well.

I think that they've finally learned their lesson that the GOP isn't playing fair or negotiating in good faith and, if they have both houses and the WH, they will finally push through a lot of reforms.

The top of that list will be reproductive rights and voting rights, followed very closely by SCOTUS reform via ethics requirements and possibly even term limits and expansion.",positive
It’s already up there.,neutral
"I agree with the first statement - but the difference is that Kamala Harris is a competent candidate. Nobody should vote blind, and if you actually read their policies, watch their rallies, the debate... The choice between 2 is clear.",positive
"Of course, it was only ever a projection. Every accusation is an admission.",negative
"Highly doubt it for a myriad of reasons—mid season, bad PR for him from a base that skews right, has not been politically active before, could very well be right leaning or an apolitical person.",negative
Oh I know it did.,neutral
Ahem… Mr. Charles in Charge?,neutral
"As the fifteenth cat holding the trenchcoat’s belt in its mouth, I’m gonna need to be the literal and figurative head of this outfit to support this message

Also, feed me",positive
@ my two neighbors,neutral
"Trump isn’t a home run but Kamala’s policies are not either. If you were a fan of Joe Bidens then it may be for you but it is very similar. She has some different takes on a few things but largely what is shown is strikingly similar/extension.

We have what, 330M Americans? And this is the best we can do? That’s the part that makes me sad as an American.",positive
"Ehhh, he's not afraid to say things. He knelt during that whole thing, and he was big on promoting vaccinations. Both political actions.

I still don't think he will though.",positive
"don't forget Dean Cain.  OK, we all have forgotten about Dean Cain but he probably adds a couple votes, right?",neutral
As this cats food bowl I am 3/4 full. And I support this message,positive
The sad state of America where basic health measures are considered political…,negative
"As the cat's litter ""Hurry the fuck up!""

Also, I support this message.",negative
He also did a Bud Light ad and somehow that is also political.,neutral
"As a humanless cat, I support this message",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
">All you have to do is check the sound levels on Trump’s microphone from the start of the debate to its end to see that Harris came out ahead. A debate that began with a question that should favor Trump — are Americans better off economically than they were four years ago — quickly turned against the former president. Even when the debate returned to the friendly terrain of immigration, Harris set a trap for Trump that had him talking about the size of crowds at his campaign rallies and fever-swamp tales of abducted pets in short order — and at an increasing volume that made it clear he knew things were not going his way.

Trump is so easy to manipulate, it's pathetic.   

My take-aways:

* It has to be true, I saw it on TV!

* I have a concept of  a plan!

* I had nothing to do with January 6th!  They told me to give a speech, and I did!",positive
You know it wasn’t close when the conservative subreddits are convincing themselves that she was given the questions ahead of time and/or was fed all of her answers through an earpiece because they didn’t know it was possible for someone to answer a question that coherently without cheating,positive
"You know it's bad for Trump when even the trolls on here don't know what to say about it.

Best they have is anger that he got fact checked on post-birth abortions and migrants eating dogs and Kamala didn't (despite the moderators allowing Trump's constant interruptions). Yeah, that's because they only fact checked truly batshit insane lies, and only one person on that stage is a truly batshit insane liar.",negative
"
It's so embarrassing to watch conservatives dig into their position and humiliate themselves defending Trump. Like just let it go. He's not going to win. Jettison him from your life. Take the next 4 years to get behind someone who isn't such a creepy weird stupid fuck",negative
"As happy as I am right now, and as confident as I am she'll destroy him in the election, we must remember to VOTE!

Biden won the popular vote in 2020 by over 7 million votes... but Trump could've easily won the electoral college.

Like Zak and Wheezie, Democrats, Independents, and SANE Republicans must get out and VOTE!

Now look, you may think i'm a bit obsessed with Dragon Tales. Thing is, I want to use my love for Dragon Tales to rock the vote, and get nostalgic people amped up for Kamala.

Let's look at Cassie, the pink blonde dragon. She's kind, shy, considerate, and smart. Trump is none of those things. She is also a big fan of nature, fond of reading and always tries to be the voice of reason and tries to encourage others. Trump hates nature, tries to rile up people to attack others and commit terrorist attacks and insurrections and shit, and i'm 99% certain he really sucks at reading and hates books.

Oh, and Cassie is very kind and accepting of the Hispanic characters (Emmy, Max, Quetzal, etc). Whereas Trump wants to build a wall around Mexico and make them pay for it.

That's just ONE example. You can compare Ord, or Zak and Wheezie, or Emmy, or Max, or Quetzal, or anyone else from the show, and all will be much kinder than Trump.

Cassie always wants to do the right thing. That's what I get at. I mean, if Cassie herself were standing next to you and seeing Kamala vs Trump, do you think she'd tell you not to vote at all? No. She'd tell you Trump is insane and would be a terrible president, and remind you of what he tried to do, and tell you to vote for Kamala. Cassie has trouble speaking up, but her badge would glow brighter than ever by speaking up against Trump.

Do what Cassie would and vote for Kamala Harris on November 5, 2024. And make sure to check your registration status too.",positive
"Hi there, fellow Dutchie, I've only seen about 30 minutes of this debate and I'm already tired of all the bullshit that flows out of his mouth. Yes, we are laughing at America, but not because of the reasons Donny Dumb Dumb thinks we are. 


HOW is this such a close race?



Edit: Just reached the part where he says Orban is respected. Just to be clear for the people not in Europe... Nobody sane over here respects Orban. We all just want to see him disappear forever.",neutral
Trump was so scared he couldn't even look at Kamala the entire debate,negative
It it was a shut out! The humiliating defeat of a tired old fool?,negative
"By my count, Trump is now 1-6 in Presidential debates. No wonder Harris' team was so eager right after the debate for a 2nd one",positive
The “experts” in the article all say Kamala won the debate,positive
Will it matter?,neutral
"All she had to do was speak clearly, she nailed it",positive
"Register to vote : https://www.usa.gov/register-to-vote

•	⁠Check your registration here as well. Some states have purged voter rolls and you may need to register again. •	⁠Some states require you to register 30 days before the election you wish to vote in. •	⁠If you have questions check with your local election officials.

For fun: see if there is ongoing litigation surrounding your states election laws that cause the problems above.  All swing states, and many others- are currently being litigated to address the disenfranchisement of voters.

https://www.democracydocket.com/cases/

For extra fun: Project 2025: https://static.project2025.org/2025_MandateForLeadership_FULL.pdf

For a pointed analysis of Project 2025: https://kamalaharris.com/project2025/

I hope you take time to read project 2025. It has a table of contents so you can see what matters to you


For an independent analysis of trumps first term economic policy: https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-tax/the-2017-trump-tax-law-was-skewed-to-the-rich-expensive-and-failed-to-deliver",positive
"I was incredibly annoyed when Trump kept double backing to his rambles about the Nordstream pipeline when the topic moved on already. And the illegal immigrants and non citizen votes?

The hyperbolics and exaggerations don't stop ever with Trump and I think that Republicans just lack the ability to think critically if they're so riled up to stand by his rhetoric.

I'm wondering if he's just learned to parrot the most popular views among his voter base and had no plans for actually having a debate, only running his mouth.",negative
"Don’t go to /conservative then. They and Fox News claim he absolutely killed her! And he was treated unfairly because he was fact checked. 

It’s absolute delusional.",negative
trump has jumped the shark.,neutral
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.politico.com/news/2024/09/11/harris-biden-debate-winner-takeaways-00178442) reduced by 89%. (I'm a bot)
*****
> Wren: Given how tonight went, I would be surprised if there&#039;s another debate - even though the Harris campaign said afterward she is &quot;Ready for a second debate. Is Donald Trump?&quot; Trump might want a mulligan, but it&#039;s difficult to see how his advisers would want to go through something like that again.

> Trump&#039;s team, I&#039;m sure, will regret that the former president didn&#039;t more forcefully link Harris to Biden in the first 30 minutes of the debate.

> One of Trump&#039;s advantages in this race had been that voters didn&#039;t see him as a riskier choice than Biden or Harris: Biden because of his age, and Harris because she was unproven.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/1fe36lx/harris_won_the_debate_and_it_wasnt_close/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 2.02, ~693673 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Trump**^#1 **Harris**^#2 **debate**^#3 **more**^#4 **over**^#5",positive
"My favorite takeaway of the night was

\*  They're eating the dogs!

it had a really weird ""they're turning the frogs gay"" energy that should turn some people off.",positive
"Don't forget, ""Nobody on their side died.""",negative
"“The nuclear button should not be in the hands of a man who can be manipulated by a Tweet.”

- A woman who was right about everything.",negative
">I had nothing to do with January 6th! They told me to give a speech, and I did!

*  I wasn't responsible for security. Nancy Pelosi was responsible.",negative
Good leaders do as they’re told.,positive
“I got involved in the Taliban” was a definite highlight for me.,positive
"The narrative on the right has been that Harris is stupid/inarticulate, what you are seeing is post facto rationalization as a resolution to the cognitive dissonance of actually seeing their beliefs falsified on live television.",negative
"well it’s stupid they both should already have answers to the questions it’s not like they’re new unexpected topics but of course he was
unprepared he didn’t prepare",negative
Any person that pays a little attention to news and has half a brain could have guessed what they were going to discuss.,neutral
"There was the point where she backed up to address a point from earlier in the middle of an answer, THEN RETURNED to the main point and finished her thought. Trump deviated a number of times and never returned to the question asked.",positive
"That’s called preparedness.

But I understand the confusion coming from someone who thinks remembering “person woman man camera tv” would be a sign of genius.",negative
Sending all my southern energy to the great folks of the commonwealth of Pennsylvania to do the right thing and make sure as many voters as they know do the right thing as well 🙏,positive
Unhinged,neutral
I'm starting to think he didn't look at her as a way of keeping himself from mouthing something he shouldn't.,neutral
"And his one victory wasn't so much that he did well, his opponent just sounded a lot worse",negative
Simpletons such as myself agree,positive
And the woke right wing will refuse to offer a single exchange where they think he won.,positive
"You and a lot of people are talking about it, thousands of people watched it, so yes it will!

If you need to borrow my positivity and optimism for a bit let me know!",positive
"It was  just an odd place to go, especially since it had been overwhelmingly debunked so much the last few days.",negative
"Trump: ""I'm a leader in fertilization!""",neutral
"Mine was the 28 ""spheres of terra"". That dude has lost his mind",negative
"Mine was "" and I got involved with the Taliban"" what a massive shift from Bush  ""We don't negotiate with terrorists.""",positive
Same energy as the old guy that watches too much fox in checkout that won't stop talking at you.,positive
"The ""turning frogs gay"" thing was partially true though. There was a chemical causing a fish that is a hermaphrodite to all change male in a spill. Sorta true..",positive
"That was disgusting. Multiple officers died and were seriously injured. 

‘The rouge cop who shot Babbit’. She was trying to jump through a door that the police were blocking and warned her multiple times not to enter.  Trump caused her death because of his lies about the election.",negative
"Which is nonsensical, she can't call out the national guard or army or anything else.   A lot of Trump delusions on stage tonight for sure.",positive
"Meanwhile he continues to hammer this idea that a president can just do whatever they want.

But apparently Pelosi > president",neutral
You don't become the DA being a moron. These Trumpers were in denial.,negative
"Must be true, I saw it on TV! Must be false, I saw it on TV!",positive
"That’s ironic. Trump is genuinely one of the most inarticulate individuals I’ve ever witnessed. His mind isn’t sharp or refined. He will meander from one topic to the next and back again. Nothing he says is clear or concise. He speaks in vague generalities. I do not understand how he captures people’s attention. If he spoke like at a typical house party, people would dismiss him immediately as being crazy. He is very unappealing and unimpressive.",positive
"That's a fair point, lol. 

""Debate moderators shock Trump and Biden with surprise questions about immigration, abortion, the economy and foreign policy!!""

Kamala Harris apparently in shambles, telling staff she was only expecting questions about the Golden Bachelor.",positive
"What are the odds you're actually the unhinged one, starting arguments in comments and not trying to help :P",negative
Old angry guy spouting off incoherently is always a tough act to pull off,negative
Please provide me some. My MAGA people think it was a good night. I live in a different world (reality).,positive
Everyone: Ew.,neutral
yup .. all the spheres of terra,neutral
wut??,neutral
">The ""turning frogs gay"" thing was partially true though. There was a chemical causing a fish that is a hermaphrodite to all change male in a spill. Sorta true..

It is not even ""sorta true"" because frogs and fishes are not in the same species.  Also, hermaphrodite and intersex is not the same thing as Gay.",positive
No. No it’s not,negative
"Turning something male does not equal turning something gay. I mean, it's very easy for any clear thinking adult to figure out.",positive
Those odds aren’t nearly as good as the odds that you lack even the modicum of self-awareness required to realize your own hypocrisy. 😜,positive
"As a Democrat who listens to conservative radio to gain perspective on their viewpoints, I’ve heard a lot of scrutiny of Trump being baited into responding with tangents and side-stories.

Its has sewed doubt in the minds of conservatives and has maybe encouraged some to rethink their votes!",positive
[28 spheres of Terra](https://twitter.com/muarauder12/status/1833698084993515704?s=46&t=IEy5AyuzQipX6HRJRr6L0g),neutral
"Obviously. But his crazy ramblings had an origin and that was it. That there was a chemical causing a species of fish that is naturally able to change its sex because of population distribution and in the event, it was causing them all to become male. So in his mind and way of expressing, it was ""frogs"" fish, becoming ""gay"" all male.",negative
"Weird pronounciation of “terror” might still be overlooked, but 28 spheres of terror makes no sense either.",negative
Wow there was so many bullshit things he said and I missed this one.  I really need to go back and watch it again because it was so insane.,negative
Horrible Terra,negative
"> So in his mind and way of expressing, it was ""frogs"" fish, becoming ""gay"" all male.

Does he have the mind of an adult or the mind of a child?",neutral
I missed the spheres weirdness because I was giggling at Terra.,negative
Probably depends how liquired up he is at the time.,neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"69% of Trump supporters said the former president won.  Those same people likely compose like 35 of the 37% that overall say that Trump won the debate. 

How you could have watched that festering meltdown and thought ""yeah, Trump did a good job"" is absolutely beyond me.  Bias aside, last night was just objectively not a good night for Trump. 

This is like claiming Biden won the previous debate.",positive
This is pleasing. But there are 7 weeks left. Vote. Donate. Volunteer. Put your head down and *work* until Cheeto Mussolini decamps to history's dustbin.,positive
"Let's hope those people turn out and vote in November.

This was a very one sided debate and should position Harris for a win.",positive
"Wow, normally I wouldn't share any articles from Fox, but even when they're forced to report that their candidate was thoroughly defeated in the debate, you know Trump must have done *awful*. The bar was so low for Trump, and even then he couldn't clear it. 

Yesterday was a fantastic night for Harris with her evisceration of Trump in the debate and Taylor Swift endorsing her immediately afterwards. I hope this is the beginning of her lead growing in the polls until Election Day finally comes.",negative
"Fox News, huh. 

You know things were bad when even Fox doesn't know how to sugarcoat stuff like ""America is a dying nation"" coming out of a presidential candidate's mouth.",negative
I thought I'd stumbled into some weird corner of pornhub. I didn't expect to see an old man get railed for an hour and a half.,negative
"When stuff like this makes it onto the GOP's news channel, that means something.",positive
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.foxnews.com/politics/huge-majority-debate-watchers-say-harris-took-home-victory-cnn-poll-finds) reduced by 79%. (I'm a bot)
*****
> An overwhelming majority of debate watchers said they thought Vice President Kamala Harris outperformed former President Trump in Tuesday night&#039;s debate, according to a CNN poll.

> The survey respondents went into Tuesday night&#039;s debate split, with 50% saying they expected Trump to win and 50% saying they expected a Harris victory.

> The poll advertises a margin of error of 5.3%. TRUMP SAYS PROJECT 2025 &#039;GOES WAY TOO FAR&#039; WITH ABORTION RESTRICTIONS. Vice President Kamala Harris and former President Donald Trump shake hands during the second presidential debate at the Pennsylvania Convention Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/1fecf37/huge_majority_of_debate_watchers_say_harris_took/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 2.02, ~693693 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Trump**^#1 **debate**^#2 **President**^#3 **Harris**^#4 **new**^#5",positive
She should totally do a Fox 'News' town hall.,neutral
Yet they have harris faulkner on right this moment saying it was a victory for trump and that all the independents are going to him after last night.,neutral
"So there's about 31% of Trump supporters who aren't total brainwashed morons.

I'd also like to hear from those 4% of Harris supporters who said she lost and ask why.",positive
It was a complete annihilation.  I question any so-called watcher that disputes this.,negative
"But did it sway voters, highly unlikely. The 3 undecided voters CNN asked before and after the debate said it did nothing to help their decision. Both lied and only one has a good track record with the economy and it isn't Kamala. Take the Covid debacle out if it and Trump's economy was better, 500k manufacturing jobs created. Kamala/Biden years 10 million illegals, record high inflation, energy cost at record highs. Most Americans aren't sitting on Reddit acting like fan boys for the Democrats, they are working and trying to live, they vote with their wallets not their feelings.",positive
"I don’t know… I’m a Democrat but I thought Harris came off phony and nearly all her answers sounded like a rehearsed speech. I think voters are tired of hearing “let me be clear” every 5 mins. She sounded like a politician, like Hillary but worse - he sounded off-the-cuff and real (though insane at times). Her plan got into some specifics, but felt more like Build Back Better 2.0. Towards the second half she warmed up and gave some great genuine responses, like on healthcare. But it wasn’t as strong as I would have liked.

She didn’t do a great job responding to Trump’s lies - she would instead just launch into her own speech. ABC rightfully fact-checked Trump multiple times but their choice of questions showed a clear bias against Trump. I hope voters don’t sympathize with Trump because of this.

Bottom line, there are undecided voters in swing states who are highly concerned about the economy and border - I wish Harris would’ve done a better job assuaging those concerns instead of letting Trump falsely blame her for everything and then not shutting him down.",positive
"The MAGA morons were going to say Trump won no matter what.

He could have done 90 minutes of arm farts and they'd be going ""man, he owned Harris.""

No surprise at all.",positive
"> 69% of Trump supporters said the former president won.

Anything under 90% from that reality-allergic crowd is red alert.",positive
69% of a cult thinks their cult leader won. That is a really bad number for Trump,positive
"Trump's supporters are lying, of course.  But they are Big Lie enthusiasts.  If they say the absurd lie over and over, they can actually make themselves believe any idiocy, no matter how painfully absurd or obvious it's untruth...",negative
69% of Trump supporters actually seems quite low given their fanaticism.,positive
That’s the same group of people that think immigrants are eating dogs in Springfield and that after birth abortions are a thing. So it’s not surprising.,negative
"It's performative and they know it. Trump could literally have eaten a piece of shit on stage last night and they would declare he is the greatest debater in the history of mankind. They say what they want to be true, they don't use language like a normal human. They are weird, they act weird, and declaring your own reality against your own eyes and ears is fucking weird.",negative
"Harris clearly won the debate but Trump avoided directly insulting her for the most part and avoided falling completely apart like he did on the childcare interview question, I was hoping to see more of that.  He could have done a lot worse.  He has never been good at debates, his opponents have not generally handled him very well and she did.",negative
"So many reasons to vote:

1. End Trumpism

2. Be a part of history, first woman President. 

3. Continue work against climate change which will be a huge threat to our futures and kids’ futures. 

4. Take back the Supreme Court instead of lose it for more decades. 

5. Take back Congress. 

6. Bring back abortion protections. 

7. Make more progress towards reasonable gun control. 

8. Don’t let Putin conquer Ukraine. 

9. Tax the rich instead of giving them more trillions in tax cuts. 

10. More student loan forgiveness. 

11. Better able to handle another pandemic.

12. Avoid Project 2025.

13. Make Trump able to face consequences for his convictions and upcoming sentencing.",positive
"What are *you* personally doing? I'm canvassing and will be a poll worker. I wish we had a general agreement that you have to include that when doing the whole ""ignore all good news, VOTE"" schtick.",positive
"Certainly a weird corner. An old man in high heels, corset, dyed hair and heavy orange makeup.

Just hoping you weren't there for the ""diaper"" tag.",positive
Have you found a new fetish? ,neutral
"Their wallets are telling them a narcissistic asshole who wants to throw his opponents in jail and talks about people eating dogs is not going to help the economy, or the bilionaires who have his ear.",negative
"The majority of shit Dems deal with in office is fixing the royal fuck iOS the GOP left them. 
  
Then the Dems get all the blame for the problems they didn’t create but fixed.  
  
You’re eating it up.",negative
"What a crock of shit. She should look composed and rehearsed.  
  
Have you been totally warped by Trump for what a good debate performance is?   
  
She did what you want someone to do.",negative
He said the hateful things they wanted to hear and felt heard.,negative
"....honestly, can you imagine answering every question with just aggressive eye contact and super-loud arm farts? That'd actually be pretty damn alpha.

Unfortunately Trump couldn't even manage the eye contact.",positive
31% of Trump supporters said the former president lost.,positive
Those messages are especially puzzling when you consider they’re directed to a forum of left-leaning political enthusiasts.,positive
"Thank you for your service to our democracy. Truly.

Even if one can’t make the time to volunteer, you can also help by talking to people (ie. family, friends, neighbors, coworkers, etc) about the debate, Trump’s lies, reproductive rights, Project 2025, making sure they register and are ready. Word of mouth can make a HUGE difference, especially in smaller communities. 

Heck, even donating to the Harris Campaign by buying a tshirt and yard sign makes a huge difference. Keeping the election top of mind with as many people as possible is what will drive people to the polls, fme.

We can all play a part.",positive
I also hate when they try to guilt people into donating money. Not everyone can do that.,negative
"We do. The original comment has it:

*this is pleasing**…

They acknowledge the good news but keep the same tone “do not get complacent”. Vigilance is victory, so they are simply saying to remain vigilant, even when receiving good news.

You’re getting unnecessarily hostile. It’s good that you are doing your part, but this isn’t some litmus test for loyalty.

We all understand the assignment and our roles in it, no need to act superior to people.",positive
I am doing all of the things I'm asking others to do. One thing I'm *not* doing is trying to start fights with other Democrats. Have a nice day!,positive
every day we stray further from god's light.,neutral
"I don't think Trump had a good debate performance either, but he continued his crusade of trying to make Harris look responsible for Covid-era inflation, and Harris launched into her own pre-prepared speeches instead of shutting him down.

In the end, she needs to convince voters in the battleground states that she will make their lives better than Trump will. I'm not sure she did that.",positive
B-b-but I like his ~~racism~~ policies!,negative
He hands may also be too small for a proper arm fart.,neutral
"Yeah, same information, proper focus.",positive
"Of course. You can only do what you can, so do the best you can!",positive
"Absolutely true. Although, I hope people realize that the *number* of donations is important, too, and that a $5 donation contributes that way as much as a $500 one.",positive
"Sincere apologies if I came across as trying to be superior. I just get tired of reading the same comment in every good news post. Everyone who visits this sub knows they need to vote, but it gets said hundreds of times a day.",positive
"I hope you have a great day, too, and thanks!",positive
"Because more often than not it does nothing to directly address trumps lies.   
  
I still contend your point is warped by how the medias handled Trump.  
  
Harris killed it.",negative
Probably racial policies,neutral
"Nobody arm farts better than him. Many people are saying it. They come up to him, tears in their eyes, saying ""Sir, you have the best arm farts out of all arm farters ever.""",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
Excellent!!  Perfect timing too!,positive
"God, I love the picture of her with her cat on her Instagram for the post, cat ladies unite let's go. We are not going back only forward. I repeat we are not going back.",positive
The Swift has been launched.,positive
Swifties! Assemble.,neutral
"ladies...please help this country this Nov

*a sixty yr old guy*",positive
"Wow, who expected that?    Donald will be melting, if his staff is smart, his phone will be confiscated.",positive
Finally!,neutral
"And just like that, the debate is old news.

Surprised she didn't wait a bit longer, but glad to have her endorsement, if only for the boost that Harris can get from this.",positive
"Good luck, Don!",positive
"Shouldn’t have posted the AI image, idiot",negative
"Well, TS does have a higher IQ than Einstein. I personally couldn't name one song by her, but if it's for the cause, I'm happy.",positive
It’s swift and Dick Cheney to the rescue!,positive
"So Taylor Swift supports eating dogs and cats, got it.",positive
"Everyone says “perfect timing” 

But I think it’s weird timing, why this late, why right after the debate and not on a slow news day. Are some states past the registration deadline? 

I’m 100% sure it’s not the case but it makes it seem like she was holding out to see who won the debate so she could put her support behind the candidate with the most momentum",positive
Have people lost their minds? Taylor Swift isn’t swinging the election. No one wants to focus on actual issues we ALL face. That includes Trump and Harris.,negative
"I'm sure that was the point. She noted it in her caption, too, that she likes to read up and listen to all the candidates before making a choice. This was the best time to do it.",positive
"As another cat lady, I am united with you, Taylor, and Kamala!",positive
This is the needed evolution of Swift boating.,positive
There’s going to be catsup on the walls of Mar-a-Lago tonight! So much catsup. BIGLy catsup!,neutral
If they take away his phone how is he gonna get Kid Rock to come to his aid?,neutral
Hopefully it gets even more people to see that glorious debate. Harris deserves the attention.,positive
What person over the age of 10 refers to IQ,neutral
"This is a lie, and a very stupid one.",negative
You can't seriously believe that.,positive
Try one… eat the kitty,neutral
"You've identified what makes it perfect timing in your post. Taylor Swift just gave every single one of her fans a reason to say they're voting for her candidate that isn't just ""Taylor Swift said so."" She also took full control of the messaging around the debate win.


It's hard to say Harris lost the debate when the biggest name on the planet comes out immediately and says she won it so much that she's won an endorsement.",positive
"If it gets more people to pay attention to the debate itself, I'm all for it.",negative
"Pretty well done timing. No sound person can criticize her for supporting Harris after seeing the beating little Donald took. She’s the more competent, trustworthy, intelligent, compassionate and sane of the two by miles. 

Surely she’s around quite a few ultra conservative billionaires and also republican Midwest football fans and family members now, but after that, she was like “Yeah, it’s a no fucking brainer for me. Harris is the pick. If you disagree, do your own research”.",positive
"I was just being funny. Sorry my sense of humour is dry, doesn't translate to text, and is not for everyone. Thanks for the down vote. You made my day",positive
Pretty sure it’s actually sarcasm,positive
And she gave them links to register to vote and links to vote early,neutral
She waited to make sure Harris didn’t pull a Biden before endorsing,positive
"Should have dropped the /s, I guess ¯\_(ツ)_/¯",neutral
"I want to say it’s too ridiculous to need one, but with the crazy shit they talk about I guess nothing is too crazy to be possible",negative
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"""Childless cat lady.""

Fucking YES QUEEN.",positive
This is actually significant right?,positive
">Recently I was made aware that AI of ‘me’ falsely endorsing Donald Trump’s presidential run was posted to his site. It really conjured up my fears around AI, and the dangers of spreading misinformation. It brought me to the conclusion that I need to be very transparent about my actual plans for this election as a voter. The simplest way to combat misinformation is with the truth. I will be casting my vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz in the 2024 Presidential Election

Its Trump's own damn fault lol he poked the bear.",negative
Nail meet coffin.,neutral
"""Childless cat lady"" was a nice touch",positive
"> Swift wrote to her more than 280 million Instagram followers

280 MILLION?!",positive
"And she called out Trump for his use of AI to falsify her endorsement. Finally. Relentless calling out of his BS. Hopefully this along with her debate performance tonight gives her the traction she needs to secure presidency. Everyone double check your registration, vote, and get others to do the same!",positive
An amazing endorsement from Taylor Swift.   Her comments were well articulated and wonderful to read.,positive
It goes from bad to worse for Dump. Great night!,negative
Pack it up boys.  It's been decided.,neutral
"Oh shit, it’s done now!",negative
Check out the picture with her statement. She’s holding a CAT!!!!  Beautiful.,positive
He’s cooked,neutral
Taylor will be pissed if you don’t vote.,negative
The comical thing is the number of likes on her insta post is probably a better poll than anything else put out so far,positive
Trump just got Swift-voted.,neutral
It's Joever,neutral
Orange Griselda is gonna have a fit!,positive
"You know what would be sweet?

If she receives presidential medal and the Congress passes a resolution to officially give her the title, Miss Americana",positive
Oh shit,negative
he's so fucked LMAO,positive
Whew 😅,positive
Welp… that’s it. ,neutral
It's over.,neutral
Watch JD vance double down and insult her,negative
Oof,neutral
It’s Swift and Dick Cheney to the rescue.,positive
Which people are fool enough to change their votes according to a billionaire wishes?,negative
"I love this for women everywhere. 

We are going to do this!! <3333",positive
"Oh yeah? What about Lana Del Rey? Yeah, just you all wait.",positive
It’s a big club and you ain’t in it,neutral
It was the Maholmes stuff that finally made her have to speak up,neutral
Didn’t she already endorse Trump?,positive
Wherever Kid Rock is a way better musican then her anyway he is from the street and knows what it's like to be a hard working American she is from privledge.,positive
“Cuz this moment has to be about me!”,neutral
"Holy shit who fucking cares? This has been posted thirty times in the last ten minutes in here. 

""The swifties are here, pack it in fellas"". My god shut up lmao.

She's a singer. Whoopdie doo.

E: Uh oh, I've unleashed the wrath of ""swifties"". My god, I don't know if I'll survive this.",positive
"Taylor Swift quoted JD Vance, greatness achieved",positive
YES!!! It’s going to resonate with so many childless cat ladies this November.,positive
Both Yes and Queen were great bands but I don’t see what that has to do with this post?,positive
She has a huge and loyal fan base of young women who likely consider reproductive rights/freedom a (if not the) primary concern in this election.,positive
"I think there is a statistically significant group of young people who would not have voted otherwise, who will now because Taylor encouraged them to",positive
YES!!! She already has 2.6 million likes on Instagram post.,positive
"Considering she has millions of fans who would mindlessly do what she tells them to, yes",positive
"Yes. Millions of young people are really, really obsessed with her. Like, somewhat unhealthily. 

And young people are overwhelmingly liberal BUT tend not to vote. This can only help turnout in a crucial demographic. It's kinda sad but yes, this matters.",positive
It depends.  Does she just make a statement once?  No?  Does she promote GOTV efforts to her millions and millions of fans?  Yes.,positive
"With 284m Instagram followers, if just 0.25% of those people vote for Harris who would not have voted or would have voted for Trump, that is 710,000 additional voters, we’ll round it to 750k for even math. 

2016 and 2020 were decided by 80,000 and 44,000 votes in six swing states. 

So yes, this is significant. 

However if Taylor wants to truly affect the campaign, she needs to make some stadium appearances, a few additional posts. Even better if she gets televised time on stage speaking about voting for Harris. 

If those hypothetical 750k are split evenly between  all 50 states, currently that is 15,000 per state. Between those six swing states, that is an additional 90,000 votes in key districts (hypothetically). 

So it’s not nothing, but without following it with further action probably won’t shift the entire race by itself, but will definitely add to Harris’ post-debate media blitz. 

Winning the debate isn’t as important as winning the post-debate media cycle. Swift’s endorsement will help Kamala do that, which is a far bigger factor. 

Now if Taylor starts getting on stage and promoting voting for Harris, expect to QUICKLY see Republicans start calling for laws banning celebrity interference in elections (lol). “Rules for thee, but not for me when it starts making my team lose”, and all that.",positive
With a picture of her and her cat,neutral
YES 283 to be exact!!!,positive
"And waiting until after the debate to mention one thing about that AI breach.

Well played.",positive
"And perfectly timed, after articulating, she watched the full debate.",positive
"Nope.

Don’t get complacent, this is be close until Election Day.

VOTE!",positive
"Literally poster the screenshot of her post it in a friend groups discord saying the same thing. Pack it up. See ya in 4 years. 

In all seriousness vote. Glad she is doing the right thing. But vote",positive
"We still need to volunteer, make phone calls, write post cards, known on doors, donate, and help make the case for Harris and Democrats up and down the ballot!!",positive
nah. volunteer and work hard. bring friends to the polls.,positive
It’s Joever,neutral
"It is!!! Though, we cannot get complacent.",positive
she's gotta do way way way more for charity and then revisit the idea,positive
Elon already did,neutral
Not many and the real difference made is those that weren’t going to vote at all now choosing to vote for Kamala. For many this will be the first time voting.,neutral
Who?,neutral
No it wasn’t.,negative
"No, lol. She excoriated Trump during the 2020 election too.

Trump must be so mad now. Getting spanked by Harris in the debate and now this? LOL.",positive
"The Kid Rock who sang: 
""Young ladies, young ladies, I like 'em underage see
Some say that's statutory (But I say it's mandatory)""

That Kid Rock?",positive
"Terrible trolling. 

Trolling is an art, this is just mimicry of it.",negative
Kid Rick is from a wealthy family what are you taking about 😂,positive
"I don’t know what’s more amusing, the laughable take that kid rock is a better musician or the idea that trump reoresents hard workers rather than  privilege",positive
Hell yeah. Bob has always respected the female-body-politic 🤘😜,negative
She is highly influential among a key demographic that would boost democrat chances to win.  It's actually newsworthy.,positive
"My brother, I don’t think you understand. This isn’t kid rock",neutral
You are massively underestimating her fan base and you show a lack of understanding for how our culture currently operates.,neutral
Is that less impressive than a reality game show host?,positive
You seem to care enough to whine about it.,positive
She’s a singer with tens of millions of young people in the palm of her hand.,positive
"Millions of Swifty of voting age, and Swifties below voting age who will pressure their parents. That's who cares.",positive
She has a huge near cult following that absolutely will vote for who she tells them to. This does matter and could easily help decide the election.,positive
Donald is going to care,positive
Prog rockers unite!,neutral
And 280+ fans on socials.,neutral
"I give her credit. She seems to steer her fan base to think, as opposed to mindlessly follow....but, I'm ok if they mindlessly follow her on this!",positive
"Give them some credit, they started mobilizing on their own the moment Vance said ""childless cat lady"" 

I don't blame them as a childless dog lady.",positive
"283,452,765",neutral
"That's enough.  We're on r/pol, we're literally the most plugged in, we're going to vote.",neutral
Ya know I’d decided that she had it in the bag and wasn’t gonna vote. But your comment turned me around. You’ve saved the election!,positive
TSwifts endorsement arguably moved the needle MORE than the GD debate!  There's no amount I can legally donate that will have any significance on the level of a TWEET.,positive
"""hey bro need a ride?""  
""to work?""  
""Lol no, never.  To VOTE dummy""  
""Um, no.  I mailed that in weeks ago.""  
""oh.  right.  it's 2024 not 1914....""",positive
It was a joke. I know Trump released that stupid AI fake.,negative
"A key demographic, if they weren’t already going to be voting for Harris.",neutral
That’s why he’s mad,negative
And it's a damn shame it's not.,negative
"Or, and here me out, I don't idolize singers, and don't carelessly cast my vote based off of theirs. It's sad really.",negative
I don't see productivity in comparing two heaps of garbage personally.,neutral
283 million Insta followers to be exact.,neutral
Truly sad.,negative
Deeply depressing state of affairs.,negative
Yup. The willfully blind masses obeying their favorite pop star. Pretty sad.,positive
"Well, If they start really thinking there is only one outcome",positive
"Ah yeah, got it.

But still, it feels so good to see some karma in action.",positive
I can see you are having a bad night. Enjoy your hungry man dinner!,negative
"I understand you may not, but I'm answering your ""who fucking cares"" question.",positive
You’re posting on Reddit… that’s about as unproductive as one can get.,neutral
Was that supposed to be a dig? Wtf was that 😂,negative
"With such spice and condescendence! Bravo. You may now go to sleep thinking ""Pff, fuck yea. Got em.""",negative
"Which would make sense as to why I'm electing to not answer your question wouldn't it?

Kinda shooting yourself in the foot with that statement.",neutral
"Look dude, just listen to your copy of Cocky and enjoy the few remaining months Donald Trump has as a free man.",positive
"Umm... Ok?
     

It's 1.39pm, I'll stay up a little longer.    
   
Also if you think I'm devoting any brain power to this short exchange beyond how long it takes me to type this out, you're mistaken.",positive
> I don’t see productivity in comparing two heaps of garbage personally.,neutral
I refuse. Not until the hungry man dinner bit is expanded on.,negative
"Trust me, you exerting any brain power here never crossed my mind friend. 

But seriously, what's the hungry man meal part supposed to mean? I've never heard that one before lol.

Whoops! That was someone else 😂 sorry about that. You all blend together eventually it's hard to differentiate.",positive
"Congratulations, you figured out how to quote. Nice!",positive
"Just, y’know, trying to be productive lol",positive
Did it work?,neutral
"No, in typical Reddit fashion I got roped into a pointless conversation with some doofus",neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
I wonder if Trump accepting a fake endorsement from Swift really pissed her off? He'd be wise to stop fucking around like that but no one has ever accused Trump of being wise. ,neutral
"The Swifties and childless cat ladies are coming for you Donny, you’re toast now.",neutral
"It gonna be extra funny when Brittany Mahomes says that while she still likes some of Trump's policies, she's not rolling with the dude lying about eating dogs.",positive
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c89w4110n89o) reduced by 85%. (I'm a bot)
*****
> Taylor Swift endorsed Kamala Harris for president moments after the end of Tuesday night&#039;s presidential debate against Donald Trump.

> ANALYSIS: Who won the Harris-Trump debate? WATCH: Key moments from presidential debate LIVE: Kamala Harris puts Donald Trump on defensive VERIFY: Eating pets, inflation, abortion - claims fact-checked TRACKER: Who is winning US election polls, Trump or Harris? Swift is one of several celebrities to endorse Harris, including singers John Legend and Olivia Rodrigo, actor George Clooney and director Spike Lee.

> Swift announced her support for President Joe Biden and Harris as his vice-president a month before the 2020 election.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/1fe8srp/taylor_swift_endorses_kamala_harris_for_president/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 2.02, ~693688 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Swift**^#1 **Trump**^#2 **Harris**^#3 **post**^#4 **vote**^#5",positive
"Opportunistic timing....

Smh

But hey, any support is good",positive
She said the AI manipulation Trump used disturbed her and conjured up the dangers of spreading misinformation.,negative
I wonder if he slapped JD afterwards because of all the dumb shit he has to hear because of him. Now he will have to deal with repeating that dumb ass lie about immigrants for awhile. Just imagine JD is probably like “Why would you repeat that dumb shit!!!!!”,negative
I would say well thought out timing.  Timing is either well played or mistaken.,positive
For her. It inserts her on what otherwise would be a Kamala news cycle. Kind like when RFK dropped after DNC,positive
Swift doesn't need opportunistic timing..  She is doing just fine picking her timing pretty much on everything these days.,positive
not needing it oesn't mean she won't take advntage of it,neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"I expected her to hand Orange Weirdo his ass but she didn't have to, he did it to himself and she just stood there flabbergasted (as most of us did) at the diarrhea that he gurgled out.

He looked pathetic, tired and weak. Harris looked like a president.",negative
100%. She is more than qualified. 🌊,neutral
I know I can.,neutral
"Donald Trump was obliterated.

The debate last night showed that Donald Trump should never again be the president of America.

To all Taylor Swift fans, AKA childless cat ladies,  it is a mortal sin not to vote for Harris.",negative
My main takeaway from the debate was that this woman will be the next president and do a fine job. It removed any doubt.,negative
I can’t wait for Putin and Xi to get their turns.,neutral
"She seemed a bit nervous at first. Big debate on national TV and all so it makes sense

But once she found her stride and starting pushing trumps buttons it was fucking over",negative
"Hey. 

We know. 

And we are legion. 

—Kamala loving Swifty",positive
"Kamela strategy seems to be ""set a trap and let them walk into it""

Wonder how that will play out on the world stage",neutral
"Can you also please start a trend where you get swifties are asking there parents who they are voting for, as those parents are representing you and your future? 

Just to think the women in the states who lost the ability to choose, if there parents voted for trump, they gave him power to do it",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
Fucking slam dunk. Get fucked MAGATs,negative
MAGA died tonight,negative
"""Childless cat lady"" has claws",neutral
Game over,neutral
Taylor Swift is clearly sane.  Hopefully this helps seal the deal,positive
Taylor Swift bouta make maga cry hard,negative
Finally!,neutral
"Harris wins debate against talking point fool who repeats himself and Taylor agrees.  No room for FOX spin, this is the news cycle!  And to Trumpers who say who cares…uh your candidate who shared a fake endorsement",positive
That's a wrap!,neutral
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/amp/rcna170547) reduced by 88%. (I'm a bot)
*****
> Pop superstar Taylor Swift endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris&#039; presidential candidacy on Tuesday night after the high-stakes debate with former President Donald Trump, calling the Democratic nominee a &quot;Steady-handed, gifted leader.""

> &quot;I will be casting my vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz in the 2024 Presidential Election,&quot; Swift said in a post on Instagram to her more than 283 million followers.

> Swift threw her support behind President Joe Biden and Harris during the 2020 presidential election.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/1fe19tf/npr_taylor_swift_endorses_kamala_harris_following/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 2.02, ~693647 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Swift**^#1 **vote**^#2 **Trump**^#3 **campaign**^#4 **Harris**^#5",positive
"Register to vote : https://www.usa.gov/register-to-vote

•	⁠Check your registration here as well. Some states have purged voter rolls and you may need to register again. •	⁠Some states require you to register 30 days before the election you wish to vote in. •	⁠If you have questions check with your local election officials.

For fun: see if there is ongoing litigation surrounding your states election laws that cause the problems above.  All swing states, and many others- are currently being litigated to address the disenfranchisement of voters.

https://www.democracydocket.com/cases/

For extra fun: Project 2025: https://static.project2025.org/2025_MandateForLeadership_FULL.pdf

For a pointed analysis of Project 2025: https://kamalaharris.com/project2025/

I hope you take time to read project 2025. It has a table of contents so you can see what matters to you


For an independent analysis of trumps first term economic policy: https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-tax/the-2017-trump-tax-law-was-skewed-to-the-rich-expensive-and-failed-to-deliver",positive
"Sure, neat! But it feels off that this falls under breaking news",positive
Unfortunately they didn't,negative
"You’re insane if you think this killed MAGA, after all the dumpster fires we’ve witnessed over the last decade",negative
No they did not. But At least they’re salty though.,negative
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
Putin has already stated this.,neutral
"A two-fer, with a message to Polish-Americans voting in battleground Pennsylvania.",negative
"Can I just say how impressive it is that she memorized the 800k Polish Pennsylvanians stat in preparation for the debate? I mean, maybe she also memorized the number of Ukrainians living in Pennsylvania, and that would be shrewd enough, but no, she took it a step further and linked defending Ukraine -> defending Poland -> 800k Polish Pennsylvanians. That's thinking multiple chess moves in advance. It's high level strategic thinking. I was awestruck when she pulled that out and I don't think it's getting enough coverage.",positive
"Lots of people of Polish descent in the upper Midwest (Michigan, Wisconsin). Hopefully they’re paying attention to this.",positive
"Poles make up a surprising amount of the population in many swing states, her team knows this and purposely used them as an example.

Feels good to have a competent campaign with a candidate that is coherent and able to deliver a message again.",positive
Poland has read the writing on the wall and has beefed up its military.  They have been buying up every kind of US or South Korean military equipment.  They are also building Patriot systems in Poland.,neutral
That’s why she said it. It’s almost as if she prepared extensively and has a lot of experience with this or something.,positive
"Putin won’t stop until he is stopped. That’s what happened in Ukraine, and Trump laid the groundwork for it with his attempted extortion - illegal and embarrassing activity which Republicans didn’t even punish.",negative
If they were paying attention they’d already know. It’s not a big leap.,neutral
"What struck me about the whole Russia/Ukraine conversation was that Trump is incapable of saying anything bad about Russia or Putin.  He wouldn't say he wants Ukraine to win the war, he would only say he wants the war to end.  He wouldn't say Russia was wrong to invade, he said our NATO allies were taking advantage of us.  He didn't say Putin needed to be defeated, he said Putin needed to be capitulated to because he has nuclear weapons.

And then there was the weird thing about Victor Orban.  Trump's values are clearly more aligned with Russia's than with the west.",negative
"Sure it resonates with Poles, but will it resonate with polls?",positive
"This is absolutely no surprise to anyone who has some acquaintance with Russian history. Not terribly familiar with Russian history, but some very basic understanding, is all that's necessary.",positive
Yes it will,positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
Oof. That's gonna leave a mark,negative
"They are eating the dogs and cats David!!!

DAVID!!!",neutral
"My family’s all big Swift fans, but ngl kinda surprised it happened so late into the race. But regardless, this, plus the debate will definitely be a big help to Vice President Harris. Best of luck to her. Vote Blue 💙",positive
Poor old demented Don. He looks so weird and helpless up there.,negative
Awe and right after the old man was slaughtered on live TV.,neutral
"ladies...please help this country in Nov

*a 60 yr old guy*",positive
I don't use instagram much.  How do I find the text posts?  All I see are pictures and videos.,neutral
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.theguardian.com/music/article/2024/sep/11/taylor-swift-endorses-kamala-harris-president-us-debate-cat-lady) reduced by 86%. (I'm a bot)
*****
> Taylor Swift has endorsed Kamala Harris for president, in a post on Instagram published minutes after the US presidential debate, saying the Democratic candidate would be the &quot;Warrior&quot; to fight for the rights and causes she believes in.

> &quot;As a voter, I make sure to watch and read everything I can,&quot; Swift wrote on Instagram to her 283 million followers late on Tuesday, adding: &quot;I will be casting my vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz in the 2024 presidential election&quot;.

> Swift also addressed AI-generated images shared by Donald Trump in late August that falsely depicted Swift and her fans endorsing his campaign for president.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/1fe1vrr/taylor_swift_endorses_kamala_harris_in_post/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 2.02, ~693662 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Swift**^#1 **endorsement**^#2 **vote**^#3 **Harris**^#4 **Democrat**^#5",positive
https://i.imgur.com/lgKaW4S.jpeg,neutral
"Trump still has megastars Kid Rock, Ted Nugent, Rudy Guliani, and the Trump January 6th Choir. and of course Steve Bannon once he gets out of Prison.

MAGA 2028.",negative
The ONLY thing I’ll give Dump is that his toupee looks slightly better,neutral
Even more reason to hate her,negative
"And the timing is just brilliant, beat him when he’s down",positive
"“Nah, we have a quarterback’s wife. We got this..”",neutral
The impassioned “DAVID” makes me miss Schitt’s Creek,negative
This is actually sooner than her Biden endorsement in 2020 isn't it?,positive
"I suspect that the timing was well coordinated. Swift has one of the best media teams on the planet, and you can bet they liaised with Team Harris.

If Harris has performed poorly, a Swift endorsement would draw attention away from loss.

If Harris savagely beat Trump - which she did - then this is a huge exclamation point, and turns a good night into an overwhelmingly good night. 

They weren't going to waste a Swift endorsement on a meaningless Wednesday in mid-August. This has to be timed right.",positive
"It’s late but masterfully timed, I’m hoping it will crush the walking poster board for sociopathy and NPD’s ego ",positive
Late? Election is still 7 weeks away and voters have memory of a goldfish ,neutral
"She wanted to sell music to both sides as long as possible.  That's not a surprise.  And now that Harris won the debate, it's not as much of a risk to back a winner.  You can't think Swift didn't have that photo and post all ready since a day after Vance made that stupid statement.  Taylor was waiting for the right moment to lean in.",positive
Don’t you think he looks *tired*?,negative
"https://www.reddit.com/r/TaylorSwift/s/Srh0n4U54H

Picture of the text is here",neutral
[deleted],neutral
I sent you the link via private chat,neutral
"“Rudy sings??”
“Like an angel”",neutral
Seethe,neutral
He cares the most about the opinion of celebrities.,positive
Agreed!,positive
Yes.,positive
"I believe so. But given how late a start Vice President Harris had, I and a lot of other people I know were expecting an endorsement sooner.",positive
I have a good feeling it will. I grew up with my mom and sister and they are both huge Taylor swift fans. If there’s one thing I learned about her fans is that there’s a lot of them and you shouldn’t underestimate them lol 😂,positive
"thanks, I saw it already, i wanted to know for future reference.",positive
"Thanks, I already saw it.  I want to know how to see posts like this.  Do I have to use a browser or can it be done in the mobile app, and if so how?",positive
The timing for this one is pretty killer though - it's a one-two punch with the debate.,negative
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
What the fuck? Dude is just obsessive about wanting attention.,negative
"This was overlooked because Twitter has become an ocean of MAGA tears tonight, but it was genuinely one of the weirdest Tweets ever from a terminally online weirdo who's lost all sense of norms because all of his interactions take place in a right wing cesspool.",negative
"There’s no way to interpret that comment that isn’t creepy af

Ew",negative
That’s super weird and gross,neutral
"Why would you want another child that wants nothing to do with you?


Also, that's a super fucking weird comment to make.


Edit: Here's the full quote


>Fine Taylor … you win … I will give you a child and guard your cats with my life


https://archive.is/tQbXS


Edit2: Also using ellipsis like that annoys the fuck out of me. Are you self-filtering even worse misogynistic commentary?",positive
Just weird and creepy. And conservatives wonder why they're losing women's votes. Comments like this from people who support them don't help.,negative
What the actual fuck is wrong with this weirdo?,negative
Wut?,neutral
Elon Musk threatening to rape Taylor Swift wasn't on my bingo card.,negative
Elon Musk is a turd.,neutral
What a fucking weirdo,negative
Incel,neutral
"Incel weirdo.


Can we have Travis Kelce just launch him into the sun or something?!",negative
What the fuck is that supposed to mean⁉️,negative
Poor weirdo. Swift wouldn't touch you with a ten foot pole.,negative
Ewww,neutral
"""I will give you a child...""


Gross, he's going off on a macho dude tantrum.


""...and guard your cats with my life.""


....and now he just admitted to the world it's some weirdo fantasy crush. It's like the concept of embarrassment doesn't exist for these people. This shit is *embarrassing*.",negative
"I see Elon is down the k hole again.

Dude must had had to double his usual dose after watching Trump's absolutely failure of a debate.",negative
"Is he talking about disowning one of his existing children or impregnating Taylor?

Gross and weird either way.",negative
"this isn't only superficially disgusting, it's also extra disgusting because a lot of these rich white guys who think they are big brain geniuses are really into this breeding shit. and I don't mean the religious quiverfull kind, I mean like Pavel Durov having donated enough sperm to have fathered 100 kids.

but it's not only that -- there are groups dedicated to these things and if you read about Jonathan Jacob Meijer or watch the documentary about him on netflix (""The Man with 1000 Kids""), you can see that it stems from a very insidious white supremacist ideology. 

Elon has what, at least 12 kids, but is known to try to recruit women to have more with him. it's beyond just a normal kind of sick sexual fantasy or just a weird thing to say, it's a racist fetish.",negative
what a creep,neutral
This looks way too much like hes threatening to rape Taylor Swift. Wtf.,negative
hopefully trump takes elon with him when he flees the country after his election loss,negative
"Jesus fucking christ, he just publicly threatened rape. What the actual fuck.",negative
"Oh look, another malignant narcissist. Thank God this one was born in South Africa and can't become our president. I used to like Teslas but now I would never ever buy one.",positive
"What a creep.  
I understand why his kids dosnt want anything to do with him...",positive
Creepy dude says a thing.,neutral
"Dude, she doesn’t want your D.",positive
"On top of everything she's in a relationship with a guy who makes Elon look like a complete beta. Even as a ""joke"" this makes him so fucking pathetic.",positive
"Just reading Taylors mind: ""dude...I wouldn't fuck you if you were the last man on earth"".",positive
Elon looks exactly like the type of guy who would be a creep. Lets not forget his ties with Epstein and Maxwell,positive
"Why in god’s name do men feel free to say the most vile shit to and about women? Like where the fuck is your head that you’d even think, let alone post, something like this?",negative
"He had sex with a pop star, so he thinks he's now an expert and can have sex with any pop star.",neutral
What a creep.,neutral
Creepy man. Can he even care for his kids if he hates women so much,positive
"Elon Musk is the archetypal MAGA Republican.

* creepy forced-birth fetish

* pathological liar

* rants against nonsensical “woke mind virus”…MAGA wing-nut shorthand for tolerance, celebrating diversity and rejecting narrow-minded socially medieval worldviews. 

* transphobic bigot who publicly dead named his own child

* rancid hypocrite whose “free speech absolutism” only applies to Elon’s preferred viewpoints, while others are shamelessly censored or buried at his whim in circumstances under his control 

* uses his ownership of Twitter to actively peddle misinformation, promote batshit conspiracy gibberish—specializing in xenophobic nonsense—and enable bigoted hate-monger scum like transphobic stochastic terrorist Chaya Raichik to ply their despicable trades with unfettered glee

* just to name a few examples",negative
Spoiled loser says what?,negative
Disgusting fucking slob. Is this dude ok?,negative
Any time I hear about this guy I think about the time he got booed at a Dave Chappelle performance and I just smile,positive
Dude just ***shut the fuck up***,negative
"Disgusting fucking creep.  

Had Leon been born without a slave labor fortune up his apartheid supporting ass, he would be the lonely incel he cosplays online.  But having money fooled him into thinking women actually want to be near him.",negative
Such an incel thing to say.,neutral
"What a delusional, dumb dipshit.",negative
That's a really weird comment.,negative
Elmo that's fucking weird. Also.... do you really want to pick a fight with Taylor fucking Swift? Are you stupid?,negative
"population collapse is not real. small slowdown in birthrates are due to overpopulation (mammals tend to have birthrate downturns when they experience crowding/overpopulation/resource scarcity). 100 years ago world pop was 2 billion, multiply that by 4 to get todays population of 8 billion. we need to manage population reduction.

not shit out another 8 billion drones to serve the opulent class, as corpo fascists like musk dream of.",positive
X needs be shut down immediately. The CEO literally threatens to rape a woman. wtf…,negative
"Elon has essentially threatened to rape Taylor.

God knows Taylor wouldn't come in same room with him willingly so how can he give her a child other than by forcing her?

That is some implicit threat.

Elon Musk is genuinely a piece of shit.",negative
"Breeding fetish billionaire with the body of a baked potato tells pop star with boyfriend that he wants to fuck her.  

Nice one Leon.",negative
... ew,neutral
What in the actual fuck?,negative
this made my eyes pop out of my head. what the FUCK,negative
What a fucking creepy weirdo. I hope I'll live long enough to see him disappear from the public discourse completely.,negative
"I thought it would be hard for him to be more vile and ugly.

He is like an animated turd.",negative
"Is he threatening give her one of his neglected bastards or to rape her? Either way, he should probably get Taylor-Tay’s name out of his mouth.",negative
Ketamine took the wrong celebrity. RIP Matthew Perry.,negative
Her boyfriend should kick Leon's ass.,negative
This is disgusting,negative
Musk offered to rape Taylor Swift? America really needs to deport this creep.,negative
…did Elon just threaten to Rape Taylor Swift!?,negative
"I just barfed in my mouth.

Fucking gross.

I am a man, and I just want to apologize to everyone everywhere for this level of mysoginistic stupidity. Leon even makes me embarassed to be a man.",negative
"Eww. Full stop 

Eww. Weird",negative
and this … in his mind … is what passes for wit.,neutral
Of course she would say no though so...is that a threat of sexual assault?,negative
"Why doesn't Elmo offer $1 Billion to anyone  who can present Trump's ""irrefutable proof"" of wide-spread election fraud?",negative
Fucking gross.,negative
"He has 11 children and believes in the ""great replacement"" theory and thats why he's doing his ""part"". 
I mean i knew Musk was an asshole but *damn*...
That tells you all you need to know about this clown. He's so *disgusting*. No wonder he supports Trump. 
Also why is everyone so creepy with Taylor Swift? You got that AI Trump endorsement, the AI porn, and now this, and there's probably something else out there.",negative
"Ew. Not that Musk wasn't weird to begin with, but he's decided to go Trump weird.",negative
thats just fucking gross,negative
"Assuming she wants a child , much like Vance he can’t comprehend women not wanting to have children",positive
Creepy,neutral
Ewww,neutral
She can afford to choose better.,positive
Gross and weird.,negative
Ok Elon …you just threatened to rape Taylor Swift … wow,negative
Eww!,neutral
"End all of his government contracts today, let NASA seize SpaceX",neutral
"I reckon she can do better than an already deadbeat dad to multiple kids. When's he going to find time to parent *or* guard cats when he's running five companies, working as tech support for Catturd and Ian Miles Cheong, and tweeting 50 times a day?",positive
Another weirdo,negative
"Ewwww, weirdo.",negative
Ew.,neutral
I ever someone needed to be dethroned it's this deluded fuck-knuckle.,neutral
I refuse to believe this is the timeline we are living in.  It is fucking nuts when Taylor swift is more sane and eloquent then anyone in the republicans ever could be.,negative
"This is the absolute weirdest timeline.

Our democracy apparently revolves around a bunch of creepy rich dudes and a pop star.",positive
I hope Travis Kelce weighs in on this creeper saying weird shit to his girl.,negative
This guy is a creep,neutral
He doesn't sound like a man.,negative
"So that’s a public threat of rape, right? Is there really any other way to take it?",negative
Sounds like a threat of sexual assault.,negative
More value wiped off $TSLA.  Shame.,negative
Ketamine must be one heck of a drug.,neutral
"Sweet Mother of God, I hope Kelce brothers meet this loon in some dark alley.",positive
"These rich, should keep their crazy end of world visions to themselves, we don’t have a shortage of such ourselves!",positive
"Elmo’s being a creep, again.🙄",neutral
That guy went from hero to zero real fast.,positive
Ewwww!,neutral
He’s just creepy.,neutral
"He’s such a wacko. 

Deluded, nutty, wacko.",neutral
This man needs professional help.,positive
"What is twisted, sick pig Musk is. I am not insulting Elon - just making an honest observation",positive
"He jumped the creepy shark. He's no longer just a weird asshole, he's a full blown creep. ",negative
"Imagine if some billionaire bought a social media platform, and then use it to publicly insult women by offering to impregnate them when they clearly want nothing to do with him. Oh right, that’s the reality we live in…",negative
Isn’t this creepy/ rape threatening behavior restraining order worthy?,negative
He'll have to go through Travis Kelce first.,neutral
i need Travis vs Leon cagefight for xmas pls,positive
 Because Elon is “just like his dad”.,positive
Ewe,neutral
This is gross,negative
Totally normal not creepy at all,neutral
I… this has a lot of really gross layers. I don’t really care about her music but I think she has higher standards than scum like Leon,positive
He should start by being a father to his children. All of them.,neutral
Let's all report this post on Twitter as inapropriate and dishumaning.,neutral
Ew.,neutral
Maybe he and Trump can head for Mars together,neutral
"You all got that wrong. He was offering to give her one of his children, as a sacrifice.",negative
This guy needs to be removed from the general population,neutral
Parade of weird,negative
"what a vile, despicable POS.  I am sure he thought he was being funny (in part because he was most likely high as shit), but it's just disgusting.",negative
"Well, that’s fucking gross",negative
This is honestly rape threat territory. What a creepy fucker.,negative
Leon was upset after hearing Trump during the debate claim he's the leader in fertilization,negative
This is the world we live in?,neutral
Hey creepy fucking weirdo nobody wants your gross sperm,negative
"That is called rape, Leon",negative
"Ah yes Elon.. The epitome of family values, with his 12 children from 3 different wifes, that want nothing to do with him anymore. Did you know that Elon has autism as well? Could explain some of his behavior..",positive
I think the TRT has really f’ed up his ability to think!,positive
"This submission source is likely to have a soft paywall. If this article is not behind a paywall please report this for “breaks r/politics rules -> custom -> ""incorrect flair"""". [More information can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/index/#wiki_paywalls)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",positive
"Seuntje, gaa terug kraal toe! Jy is dronk!",neutral
You want this guy's app on your phone?,positive
What ?!,neutral
Travis Kelce should challenge him to a boxing match. ,positive
Surely he’s not thinking he could ever have a chance in hell of having sex with her and instead means he’ll just give her one of his many already existing children (it’s obviously he doesn’t care for them anyway),positive
Idk what is worse the quote or the headline. Seriously elon does not care about and probably welcomes population collapse,negative
Tesla is now selling electric powered babies now!,neutral
I mean pretty clearly hes not threatening her but he is a moron,negative
what a fucking creepy weirdo,negative
"She's a billionaire. If she wanted a kid or protection for her cat, I'm pretty sure she could arrange for either one, or both,  if she wants.",positive
His name is Leon! So sayeth the orange one!,neutral
He is not only a scum dog but a deadbeat father to his own transgender kid.  What makes him think he’s a catch? C’mon he ain’t all and the bag of chips.  Taylor dear u may have bad moments … but I’m sure u don’t have bad taste… besides he sounds like orangina … a proven sexual molester on a dept. store … wow 🧐,neutral
The worlds most divorced dad yuck!,neutral
"I was impressed by Swift's endorsement.  Cogent, calm and low-key snarky all at the same time.
 
On the other hand, I'll happily pay for pay-per-view when Travis Kelce gets five minutes alone with Elon Musk.",positive
"Kind of sounds like a rape threat? I will give you …
She should call him out and ask him to explain exactly what he means.",negative
"Kind of sounds like a rape threat? I will give you …
She should call him out and ask him to explain exactly what he means.",negative
He needs to lay off the ketamine,neutral
Elon Musk is a creepy perv with an insemination fetish.,neutral
This creepy fuck needs to just go to mars and leave the rest of us alone. He can take all his shithead fans with him too.,negative
Ha ha. Funny 🙄,positive
Basically like Trump,positive
"Thank fuck he can't run for US president, though I'm sure the supreme court will see to that.",positive
That’s what malignant narcissists do.,neutral
"Well yes, but more importantly he's got an impregnation fetish and he's made it everyone's fuckin problem",positive
This was my exact thought…. WTF??  She’s not in your league bro!,negative
I heard that everyone is saying he’s a pedophile.,neutral
Again he’s disgusting and another bullshitter … I’m sure she’s got better likings … yuck I’d rather be w my cats ,positive
I didn’t think he could get any weirder or cringier after the doge tweet but I guess I was wrong.,negative
And he wonders why he is losing advertisers on Twitter and why Tesla is out of fashion.,negative
Maybe he's trying to get rid of X AE A-whatever. Then it's just despicable.,neutral
It honestly reads like he’s threatening to rape her,negative
Please Elon leave Taylor alone.,neutral
"The right wing is starting to get more and more weirder it's unbelievable, no wonder Twitter is falling off, its just become full of these people. I liked it for the art accoujts but it's making me reconsider.
Weird Elon. Weird Trump. WEIRD REPUBLICANS!",negative
This is beyond weird and creepy. He is publicly making threats of rape.,negative
This man just continually proves himself to be the worlds biggest douche. Why doesn't he just get a he mans women haters tattoo already. He has the maturity level of a 10yo adolescent mixed with the superiority complex of a 17yo teen and the ruthlessness of a 5yo on a tantrum.,negative
You might have to get through Travis Kelce first Elon.,neutral
The ellipses are bad but with a space it’s ignorant buffoon territory,negative
Elon has a breeding fetish.,neutral
"Elon leaning into being a dead beat dad of multiple bastard kids he’s sired?

If he’s implying for Taylor to take his precious seed because he’s clearly gods gift to man, I hope he gets fucking ripped apart.",positive
https://i.imgur.com/JSo0jND.jpeg,neutral
Pretty sure the ellipsis just indicate a pause.,positive
He is the pinnacle of incelism — get rich enough and you can do whatever you want to them.. no questions asked. A real grab’em by the pussy kind of guy.,positive
"Sry, weird and creepy doesn't capture the extent of what Musk is doing here - this is disgusting and borders on sexual violence. I'm not sure I've ever seen a public figure say something like this.",negative
Is he threatening to rape her?,negative
Many things - lord have mercy.,positive
Weirdness.,negative
Seriously wtf,negative
"Kanye storms the award stage to talk about how Beyoncé should have won…

Elon: “Hold me beer”…. Proceeds to suggest Dashawn Watsoning her…

What the actual F…",positive
incElon,neutral
"I never watch sports, and I would watch Travis Kelce and Elon Musk in a boxing/MMA/whatever ring on *repeat*. *Forever.* Kelce would absolutely destroy him.",negative
"taylor herself is in great shape, i think she could kick his ass",positive
"I think it implies that Elon wants to impregnate Taylor?

Which really is an all kinds of fucked up to say.",negative
He’s trying to show all the other misogynistic tech bros that he’s their alpha.,neutral
Exactly what you think.,neutral
"Taylor wrote that she will vote for Harris and Waltz and signed it ""childless cat lady"" so Elon's ""joke"" is that she won, she made him wanna give her a baby and take care of her cats so she will be woman with kids and without cats and will vote for Trump. But because of how that stupid platform works nobody sees the context, not that it makes it better and not a gross joke at simpleton level...",positive
"“joking” that since taylor called herself a “childless cat lady” in response to what vance said, he wants to impregnate her.

very inappropriate and reads very rapey.",neutral
Elon's pole is 10 cm long 😏,neutral
Actually the cat thing is a new racism that just dropped,negative
"""again"" implies that he ever came back up again.",neutral
"Sorry weirdos, Genghis Khan is still winner and champ of this game.",positive
He is. He's veiling it *just enough* to prevent legal action since she's one of the few people in the world with both the clout and money to crush him in a legal fight. But a veiled threat is still a threat.,negative
This dick doesn’t speak for men. If someone said this to my daughter I’d have a strong urge to find a way to end him.,neutral
It was the little head who made that coment,neutral
"Interesting theory that young people are deciding to have fewer children because the instinctive or ""natural"" or ""animal"" part of their brains are telling them, ""it's getting too crowded so let's make fewer babies for a while"". I suppose I'd find that idea terrifying rather than interesting if I was the type of person whose afraid of their own shadow.",positive
Maybe Elon and Taylor‘s boyfriend should have a little sit down.,neutral
Treat him like a god he believes he is a god.,positive
"I have a lurker account just for art and YouTube creators I like, but enough is enough, I’m deleting it.

I can wait for everyone I fallow to move onto Bluesky or other services.",positive
Not just weird. Weird and creepy. Big time,positive
"Maybe he's offering to give her one of his kids? He has heaps and doesn't seem to like them very much. 

Either way, Leon is fucked in the head.",negative
It does come across as a rape threat even he says “I was joking.”. Him and TFG need a classic Russian window oopsie.,negative
"Yeah, he didn't say ""I could give you a child"", he said ""I **will""**. He just publicly *promised* to rape her. Seems to be the go-to threat for these types of pathetic men when they're scared of a woman. He thinks he's lost power to her and this is his way of trying to take it back.",negative
"No he is trying to troll her, trivializing her words and her endorsement. And reducing it to the cat lady bit..he thinks he's owning her..Musk has been peddling in this jokester, poop emoji, fratty humour for a while now..man fancies himself a comedian. Its funny to see- it started with that lame ass dick swinging contest he had with Mark Zuckerberg in April and his attempts to seem cool and with it with courting artists to join Twitter thing hes been doing for a while. The thing is swagger is innate and Musk doesn't have it. He's charisma less and just comes off try hard. I used to be a fan and it's crazy what he has become.",positive
"Elon doesn’t have sex, he prefers IVF. Which, while nothing is wrong with IVF (how I got my kid), is kinda weird to do that with multiple women.",positive
That’s how I read it too.,neutral
All that loot and he still can't afford a personality transplant.,neutral
Pls let this happen it would be so funny,positive
Don’t give Elon ideas. We just want Elon to leave Taylor Swift alone.,neutral
"Or the entire team and potentially organized sports.


Man publicly threatens to rape celebrity.


Or


Man publicly offers child trafficking services.


Which one?",negative
I've been quoting that scene in my head a LOT these days.,neutral
I agree. I should have said disgusting and disturbing. And even that doesn't fully capture it.,negative
"Leon is a supreme scumbag but I don't think so. Even many (most?) of his own kids were IVF. He seems to have some sort of breeding fetish. And like other narcissists like Trump, he's definitively convinced that he has 'superior genes' that all women would be fighting for their kids to have.

Also, between his abuse of Ketamine and HGH, his age, and lack of fitness, I wouldn't be surprised if he couldn't get it up in the first place.",positive
"Not really, she signed “Childless cat lady”, and he replied with a weird take on that. A really weird take.",negative
"that’s not what he seems to be attempting to imply, but it definitely reads very rapey",positive
"No, he's making an autistic ""joke"".",positive
Travis Kelce literally beating up oligarchs in retirement is both the hero we need and deserve right now.,positive
It would be over in 5 seconds...,neutral
It sounds rapey,neutral
"Oh no, pay attention. Elon didn't IMPLY that he WANTS to impregnate Taylor, he said plain and simple that he will impregnate Taylor. Maybe he's had dreams where he does that, the um non-dry kind of dreams. And he can no longer tell the difference between his dreams and reality because of the substances he's consuming. All in all, it's fscking awesome that the US is increasingly giving this man power over our national security.",positive
You should have that strong urge if someone says that about *any* woman ,positive
"our biology is not immune from the influence of reality. but, also every woman i've ever dated was at least skeptical of having kids due to cost of living, specifically cost of housing and healthcare. we should be applauding birthrate downturns and planning to deal with the downsides of population reduction, to be able to eventually support a larger percentage of elders short term. far right breeder fixations are due to maintaining mass population imbalance in powers to have exploitable hoards and also to try to maintain racial dominance in the us (republicans are very insecure about white people losing massive majorities).

  
also, the 'natural' or 'animal' portion of our brains is the whole thing. we are natural animals.",positive
Treat them... like a god.  There are so many in this world like them.,positive
Do the art people ever go to like Instagram or Threads or whatever? Can you follow them there? Twitter usership is falling off a cliff.,positive
"> He has heaps and doesn't seem to like them very much.

... and has zero regard for their mothers' opinion about giving them away.",positive
I love the idea of everyone calling him Leon from now on,positive
"He’s suggesting that an absent father is the equivalent of a childless woman who has cats.  Way to make it about yourself, dude.",neutral
">He just publicly promised to rape her.

Ok that's a leap and a half.",negative
Taylor Swift is the one person not to do this to. She has a rather impressive record of putting creepy men in their place in a public way.,positive
That doesn’t mean it wasn’t a whitewashed rape joke.,negative
He was hoping the hair transplant would make up for it.,positive
i would even make a twitter acc to see that,neutral
"Fancies himself some kind of doughy Genghis Khan, just without literally anything positive to come of his genetic contribution.",negative
"The superior genes are probably ninjas.

Or at least invisible.",positive
"Musk **IS** an autistic joke.  


And also the reason people like to take the piss when you're smart and autistic but not a mega billionaire like the muck ox. 


 /rant from frustrated autistic person ",negative
"Could you explain what about his “joke” is autistic, please? I don’t understand.",positive
You expect too much. They don't care until it affects a woman they're related to for some reason.,negative
I dunno. I’m not willing to go to jail defending Taylor Swift from a verbal threat. I don’t think it is unreasonable to have a more unhinged response when it’s my own child.,negative
Did this make sense to you when you typed it? In what way is that being suggested?,neutral
I'm not sure what you're trying to say here. Your syntax does not make sense. Please try again. Or just continue drinking.,negative
Yes but I say we run with it!,positive
"Yeah I'm not a fan and do not consider her to be this flawless, perfect, morally upright person. That being said, I'm glad she chose to be vocal finally.  And I was impressed by her behavior during her assault trial. Set a great example.",positive
"Which one? The first one, second one, or the next one when this batch of hair inevitably leaves him?",neutral
"He uses it as an excuse for most of his ""jokes"" after he says something terrible on Twitter. That we just don't get him because he's autistic. Him and his stans imply you are ableist if you don't think his jokes are funny.  Fact is, he's just an asshole who also happens to be autistic.",positive
"You really must struggle with normal conversation, which is filled with missteps and sentence fragments.  One extra word typed and you are lost in the woods.",negative
"Agreed. I'll just say that Swift's and Musk's personalities are not entirely dissimilar. You wouldn't want to be Swift's boyfriend number forty-seven, but she's intelligent and she can play the publicity game better than Musk, and will probably write a song about it later.",positive
"I’m autistic and if a joke didn’t land, I think I’d prefer everyone pretend it didn’t happen then go out of their way to explain that I’m autistic so you can’t expect me to be funny.",positive
"Normal conversation is spoken. I have no problem with that. 

Written conversation needs to be spot on. Otherwise you come off looking a bit dumb, as you did before editing your comment. 

Proof read next time.",negative
">You wouldn't want to be Swift's boyfriend number forty-seven

Umm, I would...? She's cute, good looking and intelligent.",positive
"Eh… while the speed at which she burns through relationships is a yellow flag, I know people whose record isn’t actually that dissimilar, and it’s both the sort of thing that isn’t uncommon in celebrities and also can be outgrown.  People don’t take into account just how much of Taylor’s life has been in the public eye.

I’ve personally turned down the girl who had a new boyfriend every semester in school, but I don’t consider it a moral failing.  Maybe a bit of needing to learn to be single, but at worst that earns pity, not scorn.

But most importantly, Taylor, even in her most vindictive breakup songs doesn’t brag about some of the shit Elon has.  Elon’s vibe is such that I’m of the opinion that if he wasn’t “a divorce would buy me a nation” rich, women wouldn’t bother with him at all.  His kids largely want nothing to do with him, basically none of his baby mommas were willing to let him do it the old fashioned way, and he paid several of them to do it.

He’s got the same weird ass breeding kink as JD.  Seems to be operating off this “oh, it’s my job to spread my DNA as much as possible” thing, when the only advantage he seems to have actually inherited along his family line is financial.",negative
"Yeah, I kinda think that ridiculing Elon Musk because of his social media output would be somewhat nasty due to his obvious mental issues -- if he wasn't a billionaire with far too much power, and a clear drive to abuse that power.

I wouldn't do the same to autistic people in general.",negative
"and rich. Don’t sign a pre-nuptial agreement and you’ll have it made. 

Good luck.",positive
she really doesn’t burn though relationships. she’s been in multiple multi year relationships. the guy she broke up with last year was with her for 6 years. i never see this energy for young make stars who sleep around and date everyone in sight. it’s inaccurate and it’s weird. the media and they the gossips started being obnoxious about taylor’s dating life to make money off of her and probably to shame her for the natural age of dating as a young woman. so many people bought in. there are literal hate subreddits for her. they make shit up to fit their narrative. it’s all so so weird.,negative
"Oh, that Peter or whatever dude who’s dated seemingly every single person in California is a red flag too.",neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"This submission source is likely to have a soft paywall. If this article is not behind a paywall please report this for “breaks r/politics rules -> custom -> ""incorrect flair"""". [More information can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/index/#wiki_paywalls)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"- the GOP nightmare is now complete. Demented Delusional Donald failing big in front of the American people and Taylor Swift coming in to deliver the final death blow to the GOP,,,you do not piss off the #1 performer in the world with 10s of millions of US voting age fans....",negative
Taylor Swift kicking him while he’s down. You love to see it,positive
"I don’t care about her, but she has influence and it’s nice to see her get off the fence",positive
"This submission source is likely to have a soft paywall. If this article is not behind a paywall please report this for “breaks r/politics rules -> custom -> ""incorrect flair"""". [More information can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/index/#wiki_paywalls)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",positive
"I really despised that old video of her being talked out of supporting Democrats in the midterms by her dad and folks around her. It all felt performative. It made out like she was being super brave...when big celebrities endorse politicians all the time. 

The timing may be strategic, if so that's fine, but I don't love how she seems to withhold her approval of something she obviously personally supports and acts like it's a huge personal sacrifice by supporting a non fascist.",positive
"I mean she was always going to endorse Harris. 

I suspect she was waiting till absentee ballots/mail in voting were starting to be available in some states.  

It's far more effective for her to endorse Harris, and say people can go and vote for her today, then it would be to endorse Harris and then say people should vote in a few months.",positive
"I'm by no means a swiftie. I'm a mid 40 male. I don't really care for her music although it is catchy. I'm a big fan of her though..she just seems like a good soul and she does a lot for sick kids and local food shelters (she donates 10s of thousands to the local food shelters when she plays a gig in that city - and does it as silently as she can). 

She's smart. And she has a fucking huge fan base that trust her. This will be huge for Kamala.",positive
"I would say she was never going to endorse Trump, which isn’t the same.  She never has to endorse anyone.",negative
"Well yeah obviously she isn't required to endorse anyone. 

Historically she has endorsed the democratic candidate.",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
Nytimes: how this is bad for Kamala,negative
This is the final nail in Trump’s coffin. Never underestimate the power of the Swifties.,positive
With her cat!  Lol,positive
Signed - Childless Cat Lady.  Everyone is taking shots at JD Vance!  Dayam!!,neutral
just another childless cat lady. MROW!,neutral
"ladies...please help this country in Nov

*a 60 yr old guy*",positive
"This submission source is likely to have a soft paywall. If this article is not behind a paywall please report this for “breaks r/politics rules -> custom -> ""incorrect flair"""". [More information can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/index/#wiki_paywalls)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",positive
Gotta love tay tay,positive
Kamala did so bad that they had to pull a Swifty out her pocket,negative
That damn cat is richer than I can ever dream of being...,positive
Absolute perfection 🤌,positive
If you really believe this you should seek professional help.,positive
People see what they want to see.,positive
"For sure, Broski. For sure. You speak for all of us. ",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
Where are the calls for Trump to step aside after that debate performance?,neutral
But it was rigged!! 3 VS 1!! /s Aren't Trump supporters tired of his incessant crying?,negative
"Yes, it will give her a 3 4 5 point bump

Swifties and Trump's/MAGAs' inevitable sexist insults toward here will give another 1 2 point bump

That he and his base and MAGA pundit bozos thought he won is irrelevant

There is no way in this universe that the majority of undecideds who watched that debate would come away saying yeah, Trump is great, what a performance, he's presidential, he knows his stuff, he can fix things, I'm voting for him.

  
MSM will try to find ways to diminish her performance - was her face TOO expressive, why didn't she attack him MORE, she was nasty when she called him (x) or claimed he said (y), why didn't she talk more about HER policies, she gave an incomplete answer to question X, she failed to hit him on (x), and other absolute bullshit nonsense",negative
"I'm generally against elder abuse, but despite myself, I have to make an exception for what I witnessed last night.",negative
"His follows will still vote for him we can’t get comfortable, go out and vote blue 2024! Because we know sure as shit his cult will be going out and voting red",positive
"For the next debate, I would be willing to pay for a live feed of their advisors’ green room.",negative
What’s most interesting is how people are missing the larger idea of her manipulating him so easily and how foreign adversaries can and have manipulated him for years.  That was a prosecutor playing with a defendant getting them to convict themselves.,negative
Yes but go vote.,positive
"He spoke legitimate sentences, it was a 3v1 debate and not to mention clearly doesn't have dementia.",negative
"Yeah, 3 against one. Harris, reality, and decorum were all against Trump.",positive
No cause all they care about in life is grievance. Think about the washed out people you knew from high school and put them in a big group. Your life is not bad cause of politicians your life is bad cause of your choices,negative
"Many focus groups showed that their undecided participants moved her way by a large margin. I think CNN had it 5 definitely Harris, 10 probably Harris, 3 undecided, and 6 probably Trump after the debate. That is a 63.5-25 split for Harris.",neutral
"3v1 why? Because they pointed out that people aren’t eating cats or getting post birth abortions? 

Talk shit get hit. If he didn’t lie they wouldn’t have to pull him up on it. ",negative
“3v1” lmao,positive
"The bar is through the floor for Trump. Also when all you do is lie, expect moderators to moderate…",neutral
Sentences? Barely. Legitimate? Far from it. Please do something Trump would never do and admit he lost. You and everyone saying otherwise is just embarrassing yourselves.,negative
Cope more???,neutral
"Not letting someone blatantly lie about post-birth abortions that don't happen is not exactly 3v1. 

Maybe once you've pulled your head out of your own ass, you'll start to see that your guy is a liar and an idiot. Neither of which are fit to be president.",negative
"Trump spoke for over 10 minutes MORE than Kamala and most of it was incoherent bullshit. He failed fucking hard, and it was glorious. He has no one to blame except himself.",negative
This is sarcasm right? You're not really this stupid?,negative
"It wasn't 3v1. It only seemed that way because Trump was the only one saying things about immigrants eating people's pets, billions of people crossing the border, post birth abortions, etc. The fact that they helpfully unmuted his mic every time he opened his mouth and left it on for him to regurgitate his incomprehensible word salad, whether it was his turn to speak or not, is proof they were not ganging up on him. And if he actually believes the ridiculous lies that poured out of his mouth, then his brain is as good as cat food.",positive
I dare you to try and explain how ranting about how “giving transgender surgeries to illegal aliens in prison” is grounded in reality.,negative
MAGATS working overtime right now lul,neutral
"He had concepts of legitimate sentences. Such as ""They're eating dogs!!""",positive
"Sentences? Sure, I’ll give you that. Legitimate? Come on now….",positive
The debate wasn't a counterstrike match my guy...,neutral
All GOP can do this morning is cite online interactive polls which are hilariously meaningless.,negative
Haha I just posted almost the same response.,positive
"And that's a good thing, because the more he speaks the further he sinks.",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"Wow, talk about a bad night for Trump, LOL.",positive
"I""m not even being funny when I say... Trump does not know what he's in for if he claps back at her.",negative
"I can't believe she lied to Trump like that and told him she was voting for him just a few weeks back.  Obviously, Swift is not trustworthy!

  
/s",positive
For those doubters: There's her endorsement.,neutral
"I wish she would have done this a week sooner before some states deadline s to register to vote for the November election passed, but this is still really good. The swifties are going to win it for us",positive
This is a huge win! Don’t forget to go out and VOTE!,positive
"People were questioning if she was going to endorse someone or remain silent for the sake of avoiding outrage. I don’t personally feel extremely strongly about celebrities discussing their politics or choosing not to, but I do respect a bit more when they do.

So props to her for this. And good timing to do it after the debate. I’m curious if Trump will make a snarky comment about her endorsement tomorrow",positive
Perfect timing,positive
"This submission source is likely to have a soft paywall. If this article is not behind a paywall please report this for “breaks r/politics rules -> custom -> ""incorrect flair"""". [More information can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/index/#wiki_paywalls)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",positive
But but but he has people that eat cats. Or was it cat ladies?,neutral
Trump using AI Taylor to endorse him really backfired.,positive
"On the one hand, of course Taylor chooses this moment to endorse and steal a little bit of the post-debate spotlight for herself. 

On the other hand, yay I didn’t think she’d actually do it!",positive
"Bad night for Trump, fantastic night for the future of humanity.",neutral
Trump probably thought the gross AI porn of them was the real deal.,negative
"Nope, luckily that’s not true. [Earliest registration deadline](https://ballotpedia.org/Voter_registration_deadlines,_2024) is October 4th to register in person in south Carolina, or October 6th online. Every state had at least another 3 weeks to register.",negative
This is the time that you begin hearing endorsements. That is why we have heard so many high profile ones in the last week.,neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
Goddamn the timing of her campaign needs to be studied for years. ,negative
"As depressing as it is to say, this could be more impactful than Trump losing the debate.",negative
"THIS IS HUGE! My cousin’s wardrobe consists of at least one piece of TS merch per outfit. Swifties are the most powerful group known to ever exist. Ever. 

Also, I’ve talked a lot of shit because she’s a billionaire & I’m poor. I take it back. Thank you, Tay (hope it’s not too soon if I call you that).",positive
And she plugged how to register. Never underestimate swifties.,positive
Pretty darn good statement by Taylor.,positive
Oh Taylor the woman you are,neutral
She was swift with her endorsement,positive
It's over now. Swifties will vote in droves,neutral
"“She stays up too late, she’s got nothing in her brain.”

 - trump very soon",neutral
"It's sad, but a lot of people actually care what she thinks so this does matter",positive
Game over. Landslide incoming from the Swifties.,neutral
Damn..this is massive! Great news.,positive
Look what you made me do! Are you ready for it?,positive
"ladies...please help this country in Nov

*a 60 yr old guy*",positive
It's so Joever,neutral
Oh yeah wow tyler swift is such an politic adept,positive
Gross that this matters.,negative
This will hurt Taylor more than it’ll help Harris,negative
Who cares lol,positive
I feel like this is bad timing. Trump just drooled all over himself on live television for 100+ minutes and it’ll be overshadowed by this,negative
Two separate things that are both impactful in different ways to different demos,neutral
"After everything else, That’s your take away?",neutral
She endorsed Biden 4 years ago...,positive
"If Swift had endorsed Trump instead, would you say the same thing?",positive
Suuuure…,neutral
A shit ton of childless cat ladies.,negative
"You do, since you commented on it my guy.",neutral
"Morons do, and let’s be honest that’s 50%+ of the country.",positive
"Disagree - this reinforces the narrative that Harris won the debate because it happened right after (the implication being Harris's performance was so good to convince Swift to endorse her -- obviously this isn't the case and was probably a planned move, but it still works). There are pundits who will still try to say Harris did poorly, but this endorsement provides evidence to the contrary.",positive
"It’s keeping the narrative 100% about Harris and her campaign. There’s no opportunity for any of the media to be like “wellll he did say he’d be a dictator but only for a day. So this is only partially true.”  It’s actually genius coordination between the campaign and her team. Generally I’m not a Swift fan but her image and PR teams play a whole other ball game and the Harris campaign team isn’t too far behind. 

It will drive him crazy that people have already forgotten about him and the debate. ",negative
"Nah, it'll ride right alongside it. There's not much you can do to overshadow his declarations that people are eating pets and kids are getting trans day-surgery at school...

Let's see....

First period, Homeroom.  
Second period, Gym  
Third period, stop by nurses office for gown, then head to OR2...  
5th period, Recovery  
6th period, don't forget lunch! It's charred cat on a stick today!  
7th and 8th period, skip out and buy new clothes to surprise parents with new gender reveal!",positive
I agree wtf swift,negative
What take away do you think I should have? You think it is a good thing that mediocre singers that probably don't have a clue what is actually going on in politics hold so much political sway?,positive
"And her dad tried to talk her out of it. He wanted her to stay neutral. She said she had to let her fans know her feelings. I respect her more for standing up to her dad than endorsing Biden. She is smart, educated and knows the issues of the day.",positive
"No, that would hurt Taylor, but actually help trump. Kamala has just peaked",positive
"This guy here also believes immigrants are eating our animals. 

Care to guess which party educated people are more likely to vote for? ",positive
"If you read twitter, they are saying it was rigged and the moderators were with Harris. The level of delusional has no end with this hardcore base",negative
"I'm far from a Swiftie, but why do you think she doesn't have a clue? Because she's a (relatively) young woman? What does that say about you as a person?",neutral
Her saying this has done more for politics than anything you’ve ever done. Go be miserable somewhere else.,negative
"If we’re going low info voter I would listen to her over kid rock. There’s that, I guess.",negative
"Really? Just because she’s a successful recording artist that her fans love and respect, she doesn’t have a clue about politics? Wow are you misinformed. She’s not only talented, but extremely smart.",positive
"I’m wondering where the pet eating thing came from but not interested enough to search it out. (I’ve had the flu and haven’t been online in a couple days lol) 
 
But back to the subject , anyone who only votes a way because a celebrity endorses that person is a moron(period)

Now a celebrity can use that stardom to hype up a candidate bring in some attention from whatever age group/sub culture that follows them but that doesn’t mean “hey let me wait and see how this ONE person thinks before I also mimic it” thats fkn bonkers that’s just advertising ,any big name money grabber can be bought and sold and their endorsement means nothing. 

At this point in the election any endorsement means nothing, if anyone’s mind can be changed at this point because of what a celeb says then thats just sad. this election is a pretty simple choice unless you’re a greedy a-hole millionaire/billionaire (which many of those are) there is only one way to vote.",positive
How could she? She's a very busy women. She doesn't the time to do the real work it actually takes to be well informed on the complicated issues facing our country. Most people don't.,positive
I'd rather just inform low info voters so they can make their own decision for themselves.,negative
"No. I'm disgusted that people care about her political opinion BECAUSE she is a successful recording artist. There is no evidence whatsoever that she is well informed and qualified to make a fully formed assessment of what is best for this country's politics. The fact that people care how she votes, and will decide based on her endorsement, is an indictment to how terrible our political culture has become in this country. This isn't how people should decide how to vote.",positive
Did she tell them who to vote for? She told them to register and vote. Which is a message everyone should be spreading. You seem very upset about telling people to go out and vote for whoever aligns with your beliefs. ,negative
So no person outside of politics should be allowed to give their opinion on issues?,negative
Wouldn’t that be great!👍,positive
Where did I say she couldn't express her opinion? She can say whatever she wants. My problem is that it matters to so many people and will influence their vote.,negative
"She clearly held back for a long time, but she cited Trump's intellectual property abuse (illegally suggesting that she endorsed him) as a reason. This did not happen in a vacuum.",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"Can they start making ""I have a concept of a plan"" shirts? I'd like to buy several of those.",positive
Was wondering when she was gonna endorse Kamala. Turns out it was great timing!,positive
"geez, no beats missed by this campaign… *pre-ordered*.",negative
[Bought one](https://store.kamalaharris.com/harris-walz-friendship-bracelets/),neutral
"It almost feels like they knew Taylor was going to endorse Kamala and had this ready to go all along.

It also means the entire Harris/Walz campaign kept this quiet while the media and MAGA were talking shit. Must’ve felt great having that satisfaction in their back pocket.

Now we just have to wait for Beyoncé’s endorsement.",positive
"Sorry, can someone ELI5 the friendship bracelets? It's a Taylor Swift thing?",positive
"Yeah, now they just have to deliver them. I ordered my Harris merchandise weeks ago. Still haven’t gotten it. Lawn signs aren’t doing any good in the mail.",positive
"My jaw *dropped* when he said that. What kind of moronic job-hopeful says, ""I don't have the job yet, so I don't know what I'm going to do.""",negative
"Give me a little bit to get home, I just got finished with the nightly feeding run (long story), and I'll see what I can do. Would you want something like an old school political poster, straight text, a political cartoon, or something different?",positive
Plans begin at conception!,neutral
"We have a plan.

They have a concept of a plan.

That’s the t shirt.",neutral
"“I have a concept of a plan, Arthur”",neutral
Sold out!,neutral
This has probably been a couple weeks in the making. An endorsement this big is likely not spontaneous,positive
"Yeah, it is, but also other communities use similar ones

It’s a subtle indicator the endorsement was all planned between the two of them",positive
It’s worse than that. He HAD the job and *still* doesn’t know.,negative
Nepo-baby president,neutral
"I am doing informational interviews four months before I graduate. If the interviewers asked me “What do you plan to do for us?” and my response was “I have a concept of a plan”, they would end the interview on the spot.",neutral
Swift didn't plan with them.  It was a fore gone conclusion she would endorse them.  Meanwhile its a picture and they are pre-order,positive
"Ok, so what dropped for middle aged dudes?",neutral
"> It’s a subtle indicator the endorsement was all planned between the two of them

Do you think that the Trump campaign apparatus didn't have a plethora of Trump, Swift, merch ready to go jic? This is nothing more than another sign of what is wrong with our election apparatus which has been turned into a money making horse race industry.",positive
Good point.,positive
"He had the job and has had 9 years to develop the plan. Nope, still just out there brainstorming concepts.

Edit: Present me is ashamed of past me for not going with “brainfarting concepts.” It’d have been wittier.",negative
Use this line if **and only if** the interviewer is wearing a MAGA hat.,neutral
Pretty sure it’s a digital mock-up too,positive
"This is for middle age dudes

You give it to your wife/girlfriend/daughter and they think you’re cool",positive
"If the interviewer is wearing a MAGA hat, Imma jump out of the interview myself.",neutral
Or you wear it yourself and they think you’re goofy but sweet.,positive
Fair enough 👍,positive
Or just give it to other dudes!,neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
Childless Cat Lady off the top rope with a metal chair!,positive
"Taylor Swift's cat Benjamin will have the last laugh.

Mark my words Vance and Trump.",positive
Please save democracy.,positive
Welcome to the team. Plenty of room in the tent for you and everyone you bring with you.,positive
"The heat is on! The heat is aw-on! 🎶
( I know that’s from Beverly Hills Cop, but it flew into my brain just now)",neutral
"It is about time. 

Now get your fans to register and show up to vote, like it is one of your concerts.",positive
Thank you Taylor!,positive
There are multiple posts already in Taylor Swift endorsing Kamala Harris. Should they not be put in a megathread?,positive
"I don't understand why anyone would care who she's voting for.

The woman is so out of touch with how the average person lives in America at this current time.. 

Like she's been effected by higher gas prices, a bigger grocery bill, or living in a situation where her rent is so high that she's unable to save the money for a down payment on a house. But even if she were able to, now she'd also be effected by an inflated mortgage and high interest? lol.

I'm sure she is taking a hit on her monthly jet fuel bill though, she might notice that.",positive
Childless cat lady delivered a coupe de grace right to trumps flabby chest,positive
Are you asking for Taylor Swift to save democracy?,positive
"Seriously, why the hell are people STILL posting this. We know. We all know.",negative
"> The woman is so out of touch with how the average person lives in America at this current time.


You can be rich and have empathy, believe in human rights and dignity, and know right from wrong. ",positive
Her fans care because many of them are completely obsessed with her,positive
"Wow, this is what it took to get Republicans to care about the environment!",positive
"I agree mostly — I’m not personally interested in the thoughts of a billionaire who uses feminism as a convenient crutch to avoid criticism. But she has massive influence among young voters who are exactly who we need to turn out. So, welcome (back) to the tent, Taylor.",positive
"We should ask everybody that, so yes.",positive
"Crazy timeline, isn’t it?",negative
Someone has to. It won’t come from the Republican side.,neutral
Sounds a bit cultish,neutral
"Nah, she's a resident of Tennessee, so her vote would be pretty meaningless.

Which is so stupid. Every vote should matter equally.",negative
"I agree, but I don't care.",negative
"No state is meaningless, Harris still need to win those EC votes to be President, the handful of swing states don’t get you to 270 by themselves.

So vote.",negative
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
Celebrity endorsements like Swift’s can influence public opinion and drive engagement.,positive
Taylor Swift has 283M followers on Instagram.,positive
[A live look at Taylor Swift entering the Harris/Walz camp…](https://imgur.com/buK25My),positive
"Waste no time registering in your local district. For now, until Taylor Swift shares more info: an NYT voting calendar: https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2024/us/elections/2024-election-calendar.html",negative
"I'm sorry, I might be thinking, but just don't call me! Thank you cat lady!",negative
I would argue she is a bigger celeb endorsement than nearly any other living celebrity. Very few celebs in the history of the humanity have had her level of fans.,neutral
I wonder what would the influence of Michael Jackson be if he was political. Do you think he could have swayed 1988 election toward Dukakis?,neutral
"That was peak Michael Jackson so he would probably have helped, I don't think one celebrity endorsement is a winning proposition though it just helps.

This was a time when you could walk down the street and see some wearing similar leather jackets to Michael's.",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"Kinda predicted she would endorse Kamala about now. 

Any earlier and you lose the momentum of the news and give the bastard time to pivot.

But now the news will ride the large wave from the absolute destruction he faced tonight. Should last until the election (56 days!!! holy crap)

Say whatever you want about Taylor Swift, but she has always has a solid PR team working to maintain her image/brand/presence. Lady is strategic as hell.",negative
This has been a great day! 💙❤️,positive
"I suppose younger Swifties wouldn't be watching the debate, so this is a good extra kick to Trump's nuts.",positive
"Look what you just made her do, Frownald.",neutral
Thank fuck. Swifties do your thing,negative
"Swifties, stand back and stand by.",neutral
How long before desperate republican assholes call her irrelevant and no one likes her music?,negative
"Trump: We figured you out. We all know now, we all got crowns. You need to calm down.",positive
"This submission source is likely to have a hard paywall. If this article is not behind a paywall please report this for “breaks r/politics rules -> custom -> ""incorrect flair"""". [More information can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/index/#wiki_paywalls)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",positive
It was probably the Maholmes stuff too that made her have to speak up now,neutral
Perfect timing.,positive
Think the usual suspects have already started in that other sub.,negative
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"Walz is so quick and such an easy talker, can you imagine how bad he is going to make Vance look? lol",positive
I’m so glad Kamala picked Walz. He’s so likeable.,positive
"I just love how Tim Walz always seems happy to be a part of the whole Kamala Harris campaign. You can tell that public service has always been so important to who he is as a person, and you can tell he never thought he would be serving this way.",positive
The wholesale reclamation of hope by the acre.,positive
My favorite part of Walz responding was him referencing the Simpsons meme man yells at cloud.,positive
"Signed off,

Childless Cat Lady

That was Chef’s kiss",positive
It was sweet.,positive
"The smile on his face when she's reading that statement was super cute, very ""dad watching a kid's music recital""",positive
"That was a very touching moment.  Gov Walz is such a genuine, heartfelt person.  He'll be a tremendous VP.",positive
"Tim Walz: Child-having Cat Man

Has a strangely nice sort of ring to it.",positive
Okay good.,positive
Walz is fucking awesome,positive
"I don’t have to. I haven’t watched a debate in quite some time, but I watched last night’s. 

They had the VP candidates speak after, beginning with Walz. He looked so happy that I was legitimately happy to see him. I haven’t seen him speak outside of clips, but I was excited to.

When they cut to Vance he IMMEDIATELY made me feel uncomfortable, before he even spoke. I can’t describe it, they were both looking at the camera, obviously,  but he was like….staring it down. He legitimately looked like someone waiting for me to drink something that he roofied.",positive
I actually think that debate matters more. White men with subtle racist tendencies hate that Trump exposes them and are looking for an out. They’ll flock to Walz.,negative
Thumbs up to both the sentiment and wordsmithery. Cheers.,positive
He’s like a normal person disguised as a politician. I can’t possibly praise him enough.,positive
Whatever makes sense.,neutral
"I couldn’t get over how many times he needed to say “platitudes”….bro, your team doesn’t know what that word means",neutral
How long have you debated here for?,neutral
"""I have no problems ordering donuts""

-Tim Walz",positive
"I thought focusing on that word, of all things, in the wake of a mass shooting when republicans have literally nothing else to offer was rich.",positive
Good,positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"Swift's Full Statement:

Like many of you, I watched the debate tonight. If you haven’t already, now is a great time to do your research on the issues at hand and the stances these candidates take on the topics that matter to you the most. As a voter, I make sure to watch and read everything I can about their proposed policies and plans for this country.

Recently I was made aware that AI of ‘me’ falsely endorsing Donald Trump’s presidential run was posted to his site. It really conjured up my fears around AI, and the dangers of spreading misinformation. It brought me to the conclusion that I need to be very transparent about my actual plans for this election as a voter. The simplest way to combat misinformation is with the truth.

I will be casting my vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz in the 2024 Presidential Election. I’m voting for [](https://www.instagram.com/kamalaharris/) because she fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them. I think she is a steady-handed, gifted leader and I believe we can accomplish so much more in this country if we are led by calm and not chaos. I was so heartened and impressed by her selection of running mate [](https://www.instagram.com/timwalz/), who has been standing up for LGBTQ+ rights, IVF, and a woman’s right to her own body for decades.

I’ve done my research, and I’ve made my choice. Your research is all yours to do, and the choice is yours to make. I also want to say, especially to first time voters: Remember that in order to vote, you have to be registered! I also find it’s much easier to vote early. I’ll link where to register and find early voting dates and info in my story.

With love and hope,

Taylor Swift  
Childless Cat Lady",positive
"Considering that celebrity endorsements matter to a surprising amount of the population, Swift gave her endorsement at the perfect time.  Folks automatically believe that Harris crushed the debate via the endorsement (which she did), even if they chose not to watch it.",positive
She needs to hammer that home for Kamala all the way to November!,neutral
"On the one hand it's nice she announces this ahead of voter registration deadlines. On the other, this might have less of an effect right after the first debate.",positive
"This is great timing! 
As a swiftie dad, I am excited.",positive
Just needs to tell her fans to get out there and vote.  I tried to put this on the Taylor Swift subreddit.  Trying to get them to vote and if they aren't registered to register and vote.,positive
"[vote, be sure to check your status](https://www.vote.org/am-i-registered-to-vote/)",positive
"ladies...please help this country come Nov

*a 60 yr old guy*",positive
"This news sure is quiet considering ""why hasn't Swift endorsed Harris-Walz?"" type threads were dominant and largely received in recent weeks! Almost as if paid/volunteer conservative trolls haven't formulated a nefarious ""from the mountaintops of the Adelsons and Kochs"" plan on how yet to respond yet, lol.",positive
"Must be hard, having to follow Dick Cheney.",negative
"JD Vance got quoted by Taylor Swift

“Childless cat lady”",positive
"It's probably the only debate between them though

Trump is a big piss baby and won't do it again",negative
"I am doubting that there will be another debate. I don't think Trump's handlers will allow it.

Edit: Unless you meant the Biden debate. Then forgive me.",positive
"She literally said that in her post. 

https://www.instagram.com/p/C_wtAOKOW1z/?igsh=MTU2bDB0anp0MGhncQ==",neutral
"Hey, if you add his 11 followers to Swift's the total is in the millions, so there's that.",neutral
a quote that will receive more views in a single day than his silly book will in its entire existence.,neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"He is so easy to trigger.  

Once again, he showcased this vulnerability for everyone to observe. This behavior only offered our nation's adversaries greater understanding of how to manipulate Trump, highlighting the significant national security threat he poses.",positive
Harris planted the rope and let the dope hang himself.,neutral
"Easy, she grabbed him by the pussy cat.",positive
How come no one has mentioned when he came out after the debate into the spin room wandering around like and angry old man.,negative
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2024/09/how-harris-roped-a-dope/679779/) reduced by 87%. (I'm a bot)
*****
> Vice President Kamala Harris walked onto the ABC News debate stage with a mission: trigger a Trump meltdown.

> Harris bruised his feelings, and Trump reacted by shutting his eyes and pretending that Harris had no existence of her own independent of President Joe Biden, whose name Trump was somehow able to speak.

> Will it matter that Harris so decisively won? How can it not? But it may matter more that Trump so abjectly lost to a competitor for whom he could not utter a syllable of respect.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/1fe2nfp/how_harris_roped_a_dope/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 2.02, ~693669 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Trump**^#1 **Harris**^#2 **debate**^#3 **President**^#4 **any**^#5",positive
"1. Well played headline, Atlantic.
2. The way he cartoonishly stepped on every rake in the room… THIS guy is supposed to be relied on in global politics?!",positive
Non-paywalled  [link](https://archive.ph/wW6Cz),neutral
"This submission source is likely to have a hard paywall. If this article is not behind a paywall please report this for “breaks r/politics rules -> custom -> ""incorrect flair"""". [More information can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/index/#wiki_paywalls)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",positive
"Perfect headline, bwahahaha!",positive
Such a dope on a rope,neutral
Reposted not even 30 minutes ago,neutral
"That is exactly what I saw as well.

Even sent a text to my dad where I thought the best thing she should closed with was, ""he is man that cannot control himself, fell for every one one my traps and if I can get him like this in my first debate, imaging what world leaders who have been doing this for decades, will be able to do to him and have been doing to him""",positive
Funny. He wanted that for Pence.,positive
Take a walk. It is nice outside.,positive
"I would've loved this closing.  I was just waiting for a ""Finish Him"" moment, but I think she's too classy and professional for that.",positive
It’s 2:25a est,neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
This is potentially huge,positive
For those of us who aren't major Swift fans: this is probably a bigger deal than you think,negative
"Better than a small-handed, grifting leader",positive
The ramifications,neutral
The Swifties will save us all,positive
"How many likes her insta post gets is probably a better poll than anything put out so far, that’s hilarious.",positive
Swifties - roll out!,neutral
Fucking finally.,neutral
"Not everyone kicks out the conservatives in their life. I have only kicked out one, and that’s because he posted a meme on FB that said if civil war breaks out they’d  gladly blow off the brains of liberals even friends and family. Most of my other relatives are over 60 and grew up in a very strict religious conservative area, and are low intelligence. It’s weird that people thought Taylor turned conservative because of one friend.",positive
How could this be true? I thought I saw Trump’s pictures with her./s,positive
Kelce is still voting for DJT,neutral
Conceptually significant even.,positive
Very Yuge!,neutral
"Look, I’ve consider paying for a series of T Swizzle Cameos of her reading my syllabi so that I know my students have actually heard it at least once.",neutral
"*Small handed, grifted leader",neutral
Almost 3M in under an hour. Wild.,neutral
Finally for what? Make up your own mind and vote for who you think is best. Stop being dependent on celebrities ,positive
"My undergrad was super liberal, and yet there was a pretty conservative guy I was acquaintances with who literally all my friends, even ultra left ones, loved—I think he just didn’t really discuss politics much?? But he literally worked on Vance’s senate campaign lol I still don’t get how he was so well liked (he was very likable but ,,,,, he’s SO conservative??????)

All this to say, yah you can have solid beliefs but keep those with shitty beliefs in your life 😭😭",positive
[deleted],neutral
"Taylor said no, or else..",neutral
"A concept of a plan, in fact",neutral
"It’s not as much as about swifties making up their mind. I’d be willing to bet the overwhelming majority of them wouldn’t vote for Trump.

It’s about swifties who may not have voted getting out and voting as part of a movement.

That’s a big voting block of young women.",negative
"Personally I couldn’t care less who celebrities endorse, but let’s be real… it does have an impact for many voters in this country.",positive
"Yup, people are “tired” of celebrities voicing political opinions unless they agree with them. 

Do we really need Taylor endorsing Kamala for Redditors to be happy? We should vote Kamala regardless what any pop star says. This site is so ridiculous ",positive
That’s why I wrote /s. Sarcasm,negative
"As far as I know, Swifties have been pressing her throughout, with many fans expressing frustration. Given that her fanbase is majorly young, very online, and very progressive, it seems unlikely that many of her supporters would align with Trump.

  While it's possible that Trump-supporting Swiftie exists, most are probably more inclined to support someone like Kamala Harris. Pressuring Taylor and labeling her as MAGA is counterproductive; we already knew she has been a Democrat, so this announcement should be no surprise. I get Trump trying to get kid rock or hulk hogans fanbase to endorse him as their fan bases are older and more red leaning. Taylor has been the complete opposite.  Anyways, vote for Kamala no matter what pop star says they are or won’t ",positive
">Yup, people are “tired” or celebrities voicing political opinions unless they agree with them.

>Do we really need Taylor endorsing Kamala for Redditors to be happy? We should vote Kamala regardless what any pop star says. This site is so ridiculous 

It has been very clear that many folks on Reddit are supporting Kamala weeks ago - before this endorsement.

However, this endorsement may have an impact on any Swiftie who may have been undecided.

Regardless of opinions about the actual merit of celebrity endorsements, they can be impactful.  That is a reason why Trump panders to the vastly smaller fan base of Kid Rock and Hulk Hogan.",positive
confused it with /srs 😭,negative
"Good points.

I feel like they would all vote for Kamala if they vote. Young people vote historically in the lowest numbers of any demo. 

So I guess my point was it’s not about them changing their mind, or who to vote for, it’s about motivating them to actually go and do it-and that is a powerful force, that becomes a movement. Which, can spread, as all those swifties have other friends, they are online and can amplify momentum.

It could be a big boost for Kamala.

I can’t imagine anyone watching tonight and thinking Trump looked presidential.",positive
"I don’t even think it’s about swaying people’s views as much as her endorsement might be the nudge that some of her fans need to get out and vote since young people traditionally have poor voter turnout.

Either way, in an ideal world, celebrity endorsements shouldn’t have an impact on how people vote. But we don’t live in an ideal world, so this will definitely have an impact on people and I’d much rather play with best hand available.",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
Vote - this must be a landslide - we need to finally cook these old weird fools.,negative
"Not a Swift fan, but he's right. I'm sure she'll receive even more threats of violence in typical conservative fashion.",negative
"Serious question - When was the last time a vice-presidential candidate was this beloved? I literally don't remember anyone really talking about Tim Kaine, or even Kamala Harris during the run-up to their respective elections?",positive
"Holy hell, between this and the debate, MAGA has nowhere to go. We've got this. VOTE BLUE!

If we all GTFO to vote, then we'll win in a landslide.

Trump's gonna crumble harder and faster than the average 6 year old in 2010 upon learning that Dragon Tales got cancelled.

(technically ended production in '05 but 2010 is when reruns ceased)",negative
Certainly going to trigger threats from Trump's base. They were hoping she'd stay out of it due to her relationship with Mahomes' wife and recent comments from same wife.,positive
I bet Trump is furious because she's someone who Trump would go for but she roots for none other than another WOMAN. Losing to a woman is probably his worst nightmare.,negative
Well trump lost the childless cat lady vote that’s for sure… along with most women. Under 40.,negative
Swifties won't vote red. Everything has changed. You belong with Kamala. Kamala has style. She will fill your wildest dreams. Now we've got bad blood with Trump. He needs to calm down and shake it off. He was mean to her. Look what he made Taylor do. She knew he was trouble. Trump's got a blank space in his head. It's the end game now!,negative
"Register to vote : https://www.usa.gov/register-to-vote

•	⁠Check your registration here as well. Some states have purged voter rolls and you may need to register again. •	⁠Some states require you to register 30 days before the election you wish to vote in. •	⁠If you have questions check with your local election officials.

For fun: see if there is ongoing litigation surrounding your states election laws that cause the problems above.  All swing states, and many others- are currently being litigated to address the disenfranchisement of voters.

https://www.democracydocket.com/cases/

For extra fun: Project 2025: https://static.project2025.org/2025_MandateForLeadership_FULL.pdf

For a pointed analysis of Project 2025: https://kamalaharris.com/project2025/

I hope you take time to read project 2025. It has a table of contents so you can see what matters to you


For an independent analysis of trumps first term economic policy: https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-tax/the-2017-trump-tax-law-was-skewed-to-the-rich-expensive-and-failed-to-deliver",positive
"I use ""wack"" over ""weird"". To me ""weird"" is cool and not always a bad thing. But ""wack"" is just weird in a bad way, and not something you'll ever want to be.",negative
"Great question! I honestly do not think we have had one - until now. I adore Tim - and I only just started watching him when he was announced as pick. Then I saw his ESRI conference keynote, his distracted driving video with his daughter, & that his lt gov is Native American & he let Black Minnesotans educate & inform his leadership through the George Floyd murder, protests & trial. He’s truly smart/very knowledgeable & I just love how he talks plainly and clearly, but also the policy & leadership experience and track record he has. He’s truly perfect for Kamala - watching both their families at the DNC sold me. I can’t wait to watch him transform the position of VPOTUS into what he will as he makes it his own with such great leadership from his Madam President.",positive
They're cringe.,neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"As a cherry on top, she signed off as a ""Childless Cat Lady"" too. Reclaiming what would be insults is a power move tbh",negative
cats * and dogs and all animals - unite!,neutral
Whew 😅,positive
"Register to vote : https://www.usa.gov/register-to-vote

•	⁠Check your registration here as well. Some states have purged voter rolls and you may need to register again. •	⁠Some states require you to register 30 days before the election you wish to vote in. •	⁠If you have questions check with your local election officials.

For fun: see if there is ongoing litigation surrounding your states election laws that cause the problems above.  All swing states, and many others- are currently being litigated to address the disenfranchisement of voters.

https://www.democracydocket.com/cases/

For extra fun: Project 2025: https://static.project2025.org/2025_MandateForLeadership_FULL.pdf

For a pointed analysis of Project 2025: https://kamalaharris.com/project2025/

I hope you take time to read project 2025. It has a table of contents so you can see what matters to you


For an independent analysis of trumps first term economic policy: https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-tax/the-2017-trump-tax-law-was-skewed-to-the-rich-expensive-and-failed-to-deliver",positive
"Everyone is a Swiftie right now, except maga",neutral
Damn 2 Ls for Kamala in one night,negative
don’t forget aliens,negative
0/10 ragebait,neutral
Imagine being so delusional that you think Kamala took even one L tonight.,positive
How is it an L for Kamala when Trump's team posted a fake AI video of her 'Endorsing Trump'? Lmao,positive
">Damn 2 ~~Ls~~ huge wins for Kamala in one night
 FTFYDA",positive
What exactly makes you supportive of rapists?,negative
">Damn 2 Ls for Kamala in one night

Taylor Swift's popularity and fortune blatantly undercuts that comment.

[More than half of U.S. adults call themselves fans of Taylor Swift - CBS Minnesota (cbsnews.com)](https://www.cbsnews.com/minnesota/news/more-than-half-of-u-s-adults-call-themselves-fans-of-taylor-swift/)

[Taylor Swift Is Now One of the Richest Women in the World, Forbes Reveals (thestoryexchange.org)](https://thestoryexchange.org/taylor-swift-net-worth-richest-women-in-the-world-forbes/)",positive
That's what you took away from this? Lol,positive
These trump supporters finna make me lose my shit.,negative
I think the person your replying to really connected to immigrants eating dogs and healthcare “concepts of plans”,neutral
sense of belonging,neutral
Most basic music for most basic people,neutral
"You rape too bro?

It's not a title you should be proud of.",negative
are you a rapist?,negative
There's a lot of basic people with basic votes,neutral
"Yeah, not a big fan of her musically.  Anyway, it's cool that she's helping Kamala win the Presidency.",positive
chill out libs.... its a ''dark humor'',positive
My fault gang  ive been reading lots of dumb shit from dumb people (trump supporters)  so my humor  ain’t where it is.,negative
Its all good man im just enjoying the mob hostility,positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
She fucking nailed it with signing off as a “childless cat lady”,neutral
Ok.  First time upvoting a NY Post article.   Today is a day of firsts.,neutral
With a cat!  Perfect.,positive
"Register to vote : https://www.usa.gov/register-to-vote

•	⁠Check your registration here as well. Some states have purged voter rolls and you may need to register again. •	⁠Some states require you to register 30 days before the election you wish to vote in. •	⁠If you have questions check with your local election officials.

For fun: see if there is ongoing litigation surrounding your states election laws that cause the problems above.  All swing states, and many others- are currently being litigated to address the disenfranchisement of voters.

https://www.democracydocket.com/cases/

For extra fun: Project 2025: https://static.project2025.org/2025_MandateForLeadership_FULL.pdf

For a pointed analysis of Project 2025: https://kamalaharris.com/project2025/

I hope you take time to read project 2025. It has a table of contents so you can see what matters to you


For an independent analysis of trumps first term economic policy: https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-tax/the-2017-trump-tax-law-was-skewed-to-the-rich-expensive-and-failed-to-deliver",positive
very funny that she's doing this a day after all the backlash for her being buddy buddy with brittany mahomes,positive
"So great but also like people have such big egos and it’s disgusting. “I’ve made my choice” okay like there was any single possible chance she’d vote for trump…

It’s just sad to me that there are actually human beings out there who will base their own vote on who a pop singer says she will vote for. It’s not just her, it’s anyone else really but especially these famous people who take it as a sign they’re so much bigger and better than us normal folk yet again. 

How anyone could not make up their mind on these two candidates based purely on their own moral compass alone is just pathetic.",negative
"Yes, I loved that!

It gives a good vibe to her followers that she does at least somewhat pay attention for real too, because they're probably gonna wonder where that came from.",positive
"Haters (conservatives) will probably claim it's now ""democrat AI because where's the cat hair if it's a real photo?!"" 😂

They're prone to that type of projection after all.",negative
Democat,neutral
Clever. Hope people “see” the missing letter.,positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
Tonight we witnessed Kamala kill a baby in the 936th month.,negative
">Something every woman watching the debate probably noticed: Trump could not bring himself to say the name of the serving vice president, his opponent for the presidency. For him, Harris was just a pronoun: a nameless, identity-less “she,” “her,” “you.” It’s said that narcissists cope with ego injury by refusing to acknowledge the existence of the person who inflicted the hurt. If so, that might explain Trump’s behavior. Harris bruised his feelings, and Trump reacted by shutting his eyes and pretending that Harris had no existence of her own independent of President Joe Biden, whose name Trump was somehow able to speak.",negative
"Vice President Kamala Harris walked onto the ABC debate stage with a mission: trigger a Donald Trump meltdown. “She succeeded,” David Frum writes: [https://theatln.tc/pzRMqOdH](https://theatln.tc/pzRMqOdH)

“Former President Donald Trump had a mission too: control yourself. He failed,” Frum continues. “Trump’s counterpunches flailed and missed. Harris met them with smiling mockery and cool amusement. The debate was often a battle of eyelids: Harris’s opened wide, Trump’s squinting and tightening. Harris’s debate prep seemed to have concentrated on psychology as much as on policy. She drove him and trapped him and baited him—and it worked every time.”

“Trump exited the stage leaving uncertain voters still uncertain about whether or not he’d sign a national abortion ban,” Frum writes. “He left them certain that he did not want Ukraine to win its war of self-defense. He accused Harris of hating Israel but then never bothered to say any words of his own in support of the Jewish state’s war of self-defense against Hamas terrorism. In his confusion and reactiveness, he seemed to have forgotten any debate strategy he might have had.”

“At a minimum, this display will put an end to the Trump claim that Harris is a witless nonentity unqualified to engage in debate,” Frum continues. Read more debate analysis at the link in our bio.

Read more: [https://theatln.tc/pzRMqOdH](https://theatln.tc/pzRMqOdH)",negative
Great headline.,positive
This debate reminded people of the chaos that was the Trump presidency.,negative
I really do like this headline,positive
I hope there’s a second debate. I would love to see her destroy him again.,positive
Ropa dope dope,neutral
"Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee.",positive
"We took a shot every time she got to him, had to stop within the first half hour.  Total knockout.",negative
"Register to vote : https://www.usa.gov/register-to-vote

•	⁠Check your registration here as well. Some states have purged voter rolls and you may need to register again. •	⁠Some states require you to register 30 days before the election you wish to vote in. •	⁠If you have questions check with your local election officials.

For fun: see if there is ongoing litigation surrounding your states election laws that cause the problems above.  All swing states, and many others- are currently being litigated to address the disenfranchisement of voters.

https://www.democracydocket.com/cases/

For extra fun: Project 2025: https://static.project2025.org/2025_MandateForLeadership_FULL.pdf

For a pointed analysis of Project 2025: https://kamalaharris.com/project2025/

I hope you take time to read project 2025. It has a table of contents so you can see what matters to you


For an independent analysis of trumps first term economic policy: https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-tax/the-2017-trump-tax-law-was-skewed-to-the-rich-expensive-and-failed-to-deliver",positive
He sure is,positive
"This submission source is likely to have a hard paywall. If this article is not behind a paywall please report this for “breaks r/politics rules -> custom -> ""incorrect flair"""". [More information can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/index/#wiki_paywalls)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",positive
"Fucking brutal. Love it, you're a legend.",neutral
I’m dead. ,negative
A post-birther abortion.,neutral
Brilliant,positive
Holy shit! lol,negative
"Did he do the long shut eye pause after she started to laugh at him? I tried to scrub the video to rewatch it but I can’t find it. If he did, that was a trauma response — probably from having his mom yell at him when he was little and yes, him pretending if he closed his eyes the world would cease to exist. How sad to think he hasn’t wolfed that through yet given how old he is. And I did notice how he didn’t address or acknowledged her. I’ve had other women do that to me at work, believe it or not, and it drives me bats!",negative
A Jellyfish: “I’m fucking *nailing* this!!”,neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"Well, pack it in. Harris just won.",positive
That was a historic one-two punch tonight. The two most powerful women in the world may have just tag-teamed to take down one of the most despicable men who’s ever lived.,positive
Swifties won't vote red. Everything has changed. You belong with Kamala. Kamala has style. She will fill your wildest dreams. Now we've got bad blood with Trump. He needs to calm down and shake it off. He was mean to her. Look what he made Taylor do. She knew he was trouble. Trump's got a blank space in his head. It's the end game now!,negative
"Quite opportunistic

Was she really considering otherwise?",negative
"But the illegal aliens are eating our pets, how could we let one of them be president 0.o

/s",negative
She explained that she had to be clear and open about who she was voting for explicitly because that epic dipshit Trump lied that she and her fans had endorsed him. Who gives a crap if she had considered otherwise or not. He forced her hand. Even the most ignorant doofus could understand that.,negative
"Oh, fuck the whole way off, why don’t you, you incel freak.",negative
"Even if it was opportunistic, fact is she did it. Honestly to me, expecting moral clarity and integrity from celebs- any celeb, not just taylor is fruitless. We should just focus on how they can help us when need arises- and there is something to be said for the power of public figures with influence and big platforms and visibility to correct misinformation and correct the record. Their words reach a bigger and wider audience and helps sanitize online bullshit more effectively.  For me, more than her endorsement, it was her calling out the dangers of AI being used to mislead, muddy waters and dupe suggestible young people that was the most important takeaway. Should she have made this point ages ago before the picture started spreading..yes.  Keeping vigilant is important and being timely even more so cuz these things proliferate like nobody's business..her hand may have been forced by the recent critical reportage (variety, guardian, Brittany mahomes etc) and that kamala wiped the floor and slimmed Trump's chances making it easier to endorse Kamala but for me it really doesn't matter.",positive
That's actually quite concerning....   oh shit yeah forgot she's a billionaire.,negative
"The Haitian population in Ohio is not illegal. There was a special immigration policy due to the violence there that they used to immigrate. Most of the Haitians in Springfield are employed. (Just clarifying that the conversation about that city is the strained resources, not that they are illegal)",negative
It's the timing after debate that was opportunistic,neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
There is no Republican Party. It’s the Trump party.,negative
"Republicans, take note: this is what true patriotism is. Not faith to party, but faith to country",positive
"Why is it that so many people have a complete blindspot when it comes to Trump?

He is riddled with serious flaws.

No responsible parent would want their child to grow up to be as selfish and dishonest and nasty as Trump, and yet many good parents seem prepared to vote for him.

What on Earth is going on here?",negative
The Republican Party has not fundamentally changed. Just the veneer of civility has been removed.,positive
No it isn't. Setmayer is a POS that embraced the hate and misery of the GOP until she was cut out of the grift. I'm glad she's supporting the right side of history... for once... but it's not as if she had a noble start and watched it decline. The party she willingly signed on to is the same one we have today. The exact same one.,positive
I hope more follow her,positive
"It ""died"" long before the 2020 election. The GOP of 2020 was the same as it was when the Tea Party came along as a leopard eating the faces of the Republicans who embraced their enthusiasm.

And election denialism is a longstanding fantasy of the GOP. Trump didn't introduce it. And when he started making an issue of it, it was long before the 2020 election. He even claimed that cheating cost him the popular vote in 2016.",positive
What was a black woman doing voting Republican?  🤯,neutral
Glad to have you.,positive
"I don't know what has taken so long but I've just come to the conclusion that this election is about old political values vs new political values.

The old political values of democracy and equal rights produced the most powerful country in the world - biggest economy, biggest military, most advanced technology, that has given it unmatched advantages - its currency is the world's currency, etc..

The new political values of autocracy and no equal rights takes the best autocratic views of Russia (with pointless elections), the isolationism of North Korea, a Saudi Arabian view of the woman's role (an d LGBT) in society. Its a blend of Russia, North Korea and Saudi Arabia that is their guiding light.     

Some GOP leaders are wise to this change and are joining forces with the Dems because they belong with believers in the old political values and not he new political values. What's frustrating is GOP voters who vote GOP out of habit, without realizing they are supporting the opposite of what they intended.",positive
"Better right too late than never, but the fact that the straw came AFTER the second election with Trump on the ticket means she’s a disgusting person with no sense of reason or decency. Fuck off. She’ll just fall for the next degenerate who hides the extremism better.",negative
"The GOP has been on a steady decline since Nixon, then Reagan, then Dubya, and now Trump. It won't get better.",negative
"Holy crap he was just destroyed in this debate by Kamala. She was so knowledgeable and direct and sane. Lol. Donald sounded like a deranged old man. Kamala was definitely on the level of Obama, Clinton and Reagan. She’s gonna be a great president.",positive
Sad it took her this long to realize that…,negative
Who is this,neutral
I thank her for changing her vote but when the dust settles. You probably still part of the problem. Just because one time you came to sense isn’t absolving everything. We out here acting like the Republican Party before trump was something to cheer. They. We’re. Not.,positive
I cannot wrap my brains around black or woman Republicans,neutral
The republicans party is extremist and embracing Nazi ideology.   It is the anti of everything America stands for.  Being an active participant in it is evil and so if just voting  to support it.,positive
"I don’t usually like republican pundits on the View, I listened to her because she had respectable comments about her party.",positive
GOP converted to the MAGA party a long time ago.  I'm glad to see more people becoming aware....better late than never.,positive
"Welcome, Tara",positive
sorry what? A poc supporting the GOP? Nah you sus. Just flipping parties to retain relevancy. Gonna be another kristen sinema,positive
"Nah, they are just more obvious about it",negative
at this point the real Republicans should create a new party and we should update the current “Republican” party to Trumpies,positive
Great. Now we’ll have Trump’s Party and a Republican party. Jesus Christ this country will never get better.,positive
The Democratic Party is just the Republican Party 4 years ago. The country is getting pulled further and further rightward and there's no stopping it.,positive
Trump is the truest form of RINO,positive
"Yep.  The “Mainstreet, Reaganite” GOP died out years ago.  Its party of Trump.",positive
"My Mother called Dick Cheney a RINO this morning, shits gotten really weird",negative
">There is no Republican Party

I think it's fair to say that the Repulican Party is now the Democratic Party.",positive
Trump Kult,neutral
And they've always hated PoC.,negative
100%,neutral
"Or George Will back in 2016, when Graham and many other toadies at heart made the “brave” decision to fall in line…",positive
">and yet many good parents seem prepared to vote for him.

They aren't good parents. They are vindictive, racist, misogynist parents who were raised by vindictive, racist, misogynists parents and who are raising their kids to be vindictive, racist misogynists. 

They're selfish by nature. They do not have empathy. At most, they care about immediate family and no one else. Everyone else is an enemy to them who they believe could snap at any moment and attack them and their family.",negative
Because those 'responsible parents' are just as selfish and dishonest as Trump is. As long as he's willing to push others down to uplift them they'll look past all his sins.,negative
He targets the people they want hurt,negative
All these Republican pols want from Trump is his loyal base to be loyal to them as well. All his base needs is for Trump to continue to profess his hatred of immigrants forcefully.,positive
"Imagine you're not following politics every day. Most people don't. Politics is rather boring, people have stuff to do. They don't watch every Trump rally, don't follow his court cases, don't listen to his speeches. What do they know about him?

If you get your info from irregular consumption of media, you might even not know Trump is found liable for sexual assault and guilty of fraud, that he's promising ""a bloody story"" with deporting suspected illegal immigrants, that he promises to stop funding public schools, that he is barely able of coherent speech lately. Because media isn't reporting on all that. Even if that gets mentioned like once on CNN, or in NYT/WaPo, you blink and you miss it (compare that with Biden age issue, which they loudly trumpeted about every single day). Everybody in the media pretends Trump is sorta normal conservative politician with a few quirks. Every elected Republican affirms it, and never gets challenged on that.",negative
"At this point, it matters less how good of a person you are and the good you do, and it more instead matters how long you let yourself be fooled into this.  Still voting for him?  I have no sympathies left.


Good people are being manipulated. But they still have the choice to buy into the shit they're fed",positive
They view it as voting for the people he picks and preventing Democratic policies taking over. ,neutral
"Without a doubt.

And largely because of how much they brayed on about “civility!” in 2018, while alternating with “the caravan is coming to kill you!”",negative
Foreign policy has changed a ton. It’s very pro-Russia. Basically their entire approach to foreign policy is totally different and designed to tear apart our alliances and help Putin.,positive
"Exactly. She knew what she was getting into.

I'm always glad to hear about people switching sides, but doesn't mean I have any respect for them. It's not like they started supporting Trump in the first place because they didn't know how bad he was. We all knew, we all saw. It was crystal clear even before he came down the escalator, surrounded by paid actors (or actors that were at least promised to be paid), ranting about mexican ""drug dealers"" and ""rapists.""

Once you cast the first vote for Trump you are forever a piece of shit.",positive
"Yep, since Truman there wasn't really a driving force behind the GOP. 

By the 80s the GOP is just a 'we don't like communists' party (with also a lot of racism), which is kinda dumb because Democrats were never that far left. Carter signed in airline deregulation in 78, you really think he is going to go communist? 

By Bush Jr the GOP is struggling with identity and latches onto the religious right. Now the MAGAs have basically taken over and filled the ideological vacuum.",negative
Leopards look cute before the face eating starts,positive
Grifting,neutral
"Split the vote on the right, the fascists will never have power ever again. I’m for a GOP splinter party.",positive
"Completely disagree. Dividing the American conservative vote between two devolving and declining parties would be the Xmas gift the US deserves. Imagine the potential citizen focused Democratic policy changes, the educational advances, the tax cuts, and woe to predatory lenders and sellers. 
Go GOP start anew without magats, I’m rooting for ya!",positive
Every accusation is a confession.,negative
"What happened to the party of John McCain, Sarah Palin, Dick Cheney, Mitt Romney, The Bush Family, and Bob Dole?  They've sure Kamalong way!",positive
Soooo…Trumplicans?,neutral
"I had to familiarize myself with who that is, but yeah it certainly sounds like he fits the bill--thank you for pointing him out! 

I like how he describes the Republican talking points as ""rhetoric of unreality"". How accurate.",positive
"As long as he's willing to <say he will> push others down to uplift them they'll look past all his sins.

I added something to your comment, because we've already had him in office for four years, and I don't remember him doing much to ""uplift"" folks.",negative
The Republicans are joining the DNC. The DNC (which already catered to conservatives) will mover further right with their involvement. So we’ll get Republican party 2.0 and Trump.,positive
"I think they’re all having no problem likely switching to the Democrats.

Edit: I think that that should bother people.",neutral
Dad get off of reddit,neutral
"He can be a bit too erudite for his own good when it comes to politics, but that’s what Ken Burns’ *Baseball* is for, offering keen insights and humorous comments throughout that anyone can relate to:

“Football combines the two worst aspects of modern American life, it’s violence punctuated by committee meetings…”

I enjoy the game, but it often makes itself tough to watch. The deliberate lack of range in the commercials is pretty bizarre too.",negative
"> I don't remember him doing much to ""uplift"" folks

wdym, he lets them say racist and sexist things in public again, while also giving them permission to disparaging medical professionals with their 8th grade science knowledge. To them, he is perfect.",negative
"I'm more of a hockey fan myself, much more civilized to smash people into walls and then fist fight",negative
"The skating is quite elegant, in a plausible deniability kind of way…",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
Taylor should probably file a report with the FBI over sexual assault threat Elon made against her tonight.,negative
Childless cat men and women unite to vote for Harris!,neutral
"""I got involved with the Taliban"" -Donald Trump 2024",neutral
[A live look at Taylor entering the Harris/Walz camp…](https://imgur.com/buK25My),neutral
"America is majority white (60%) and the majority of white people vote Republican. A Taylor Swift endorsement will not change that.

If Harris wants to win she needs to focus on the minority vote. If enough minorities don't come out and vote, she will lose.",positive
This is the third time I’ve seen this. I’ll upvote every time,neutral
"A Taylor Swift endorsement will energize alot of young voters to vote Harris who otherwise might have just stayed home.

She has a huge and very loyal fanbase from all racial backgrounds.",positive
Trump has a particular set of skills. He was able to bankrupt a casino. He may be able to get white people to vote Democrat.,negative
"You think Swift’s followers are all white?

Also, even if they were, only 56% of that 60% are voting GOP. That means that about a quarter of the US is white and democratic.",neutral
"Aren’t trumpist usually the ones screaming why does everything have to be about race? I thought as of tonight they literally don’t care. 

Taylor endorsing Harris is not from Harris, it is for Harris. Taylor is talking to her fans, are you suggesting she swaps genres temporarily to cater to minorities? Harris does that naturally via inclusion. The objective is to get the ones who were otherwise sitting out to the polls. Trust, they will both be successful.",positive
"And women who have daughters. I truly don't care about her specifically, but it's a thing. And I do care about women and daughters.",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
Welp looks like the swifties are gonna save America,positive
If even a mere fraction of the Swifties get out to vote Harris will win by a landslide,positive
Cause now we got bad blood,negative
"This submission source is likely to have a soft paywall. If this article is not behind a paywall please report this for “breaks r/politics rules -> custom -> ""incorrect flair"""". [More information can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/index/#wiki_paywalls)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",positive
Let's go cats! 10000 > people eating pets 1 weird old fella,negative
"Register to vote : https://www.usa.gov/register-to-vote

•	⁠Check your registration here as well. Some states have purged voter rolls and you may need to register again. •	⁠Some states require you to register 30 days before the election you wish to vote in. •	⁠If you have questions check with your local election officials.

For fun: see if there is ongoing litigation surrounding your states election laws that cause the problems above.  All swing states, and many others- are currently being litigated to address the disenfranchisement of voters.

https://www.democracydocket.com/cases/

For extra fun: Project 2025: https://static.project2025.org/2025_MandateForLeadership_FULL.pdf

For a pointed analysis of Project 2025: https://kamalaharris.com/project2025/

I hope you take time to read project 2025. It has a table of contents so you can see what matters to you


For an independent analysis of trumps first term economic policy: https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-tax/the-2017-trump-tax-law-was-skewed-to-the-rich-expensive-and-failed-to-deliver",positive
I’ll become a fan if they do,positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
She made a good choice on timing.,positive
"Childless, cat ladies rule the world!",neutral
Timing was ruthless,neutral
[deleted],neutral
"Also NY Times: ""How this is bad for Democrats""",negative
Perfectly timed. Pretty much puts a seal on positive coverage.,positive
"Register to vote : https://www.usa.gov/register-to-vote

•	⁠Check your registration here as well. Some states have purged voter rolls and you may need to register again. •	⁠Some states require you to register 30 days before the election you wish to vote in. •	⁠If you have questions check with your local election officials.

For fun: see if there is ongoing litigation surrounding your states election laws that cause the problems above.  All swing states, and many others- are currently being litigated to address the disenfranchisement of voters.

https://www.democracydocket.com/cases/

For extra fun: Project 2025: https://static.project2025.org/2025_MandateForLeadership_FULL.pdf

For a pointed analysis of Project 2025: https://kamalaharris.com/project2025/

I hope you take time to read project 2025. It has a table of contents so you can see what matters to you


For an independent analysis of trumps first term economic policy: https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-tax/the-2017-trump-tax-law-was-skewed-to-the-rich-expensive-and-failed-to-deliver",positive
Kelce is a MAGA supporter,positive
"I'd like to say I'm surprised, but am I really?",positive
Source?,neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"> “Tim Walz and I are both gun owners,” Harris said, referencing her running mate. “We’re not taking anybody’s guns away.”

So funny to see Trump called out on this.",positive
"As a gun owner, the thing I always remember is that Trump is literally the ONLY president, or candidate, to ever say that he would take away guns first before any due process.",negative
Yes dems own guns. we are just quite about it..,positive
"That was great.  But , it would have been better had she mentioned that Diaper Don hides behind bullet proof glass like a scared little child.",positive
Amazing that progressives simply don’t care anymore about this kind of right-wing pandering. We’re in a new political era. The left is being given the finger and doesn’t have the appetite to push back.,positive
"After the moderators gave him time to talk whenever he wanted, they refused to let Kamala make her point until they asked her the next question, forcing her to waste time going back to address it. It was an important distinction to make. People claiming the debate was biased are delusional and were never going to be swayed by it anyway. The goal was to reach voters who were planning to stay home on Election Day… Kamala destroyed him.",negative
"I loved this response.  She was trying to say this a few times when he brought it up but the ""heavily biased towards Harris"" moderators kept cutting her mic.",negative
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"Good for her. 

https://www.instagram.com/taylorswift/",positive
"I don't know about you, but I'm feeling twenty-four, everything will be alright if we don't elect Trump no more",positive
It's as if millions of MAGA voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced. ,negative
Hey do you guys think Taylor swift is endorsing Kamala?,positive
"I’m too old for her music, but a billionaire childless cat lady who likes football has my respect!",positive
"This submission source is likely to have a hard paywall. If this article is not behind a paywall please report this for “breaks r/politics rules -> custom -> ""incorrect flair"""". [More information can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/index/#wiki_paywalls)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",positive
"Register to vote : https://www.usa.gov/register-to-vote

•	⁠Check your registration here as well. Some states have purged voter rolls and you may need to register again. •	⁠Some states require you to register 30 days before the election you wish to vote in. •	⁠If you have questions check with your local election officials.

For fun: see if there is ongoing litigation surrounding your states election laws that cause the problems above.  All swing states, and many others- are currently being litigated to address the disenfranchisement of voters.

https://www.democracydocket.com/cases/

For extra fun: Project 2025: https://static.project2025.org/2025_MandateForLeadership_FULL.pdf

For a pointed analysis of Project 2025: https://kamalaharris.com/project2025/

I hope you take time to read project 2025. It has a table of contents so you can see what matters to you


For an independent analysis of trumps first term economic policy: https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-tax/the-2017-trump-tax-law-was-skewed-to-the-rich-expensive-and-failed-to-deliver",positive
I wish they were all on Alderaan.,positive
I heard she was supposed to perform at the debate. I can’t believe they lied to us.,negative
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
Love all the side by sides showing Kamala's expressions. Maya Rudolph will have fun with this when SNL comes back,positive
"“Was Kamala Harris too smug?”

- NY Times",neutral
"She clearly laid out her policies and plans in the beginning and repeated them at the end.  She actually answered questions asked by the moderators.

Trump did none of that at all.  Even outright refused to answer some.",positive
Trump is a leader on fertilization? What does that even mean?,neutral
"Because she was in almost total control of her body language, she could eloquently comment on his bullshit without having to say a word.",negative
"She played it perfectly. Exceeded expectations. Nimble, smart, perfect timing, impressive from every angle.",positive
"""I can hold my tongue; it's my face that needs deliverance"" 🤣",positive
"Good acting, no actual policies",positive
I told my wife that! Maya will have fun wirh this goldmine.,positive
He's an expert in bullshit,negative
Well... How many people can say they impregnated (at least) 3 women?,positive
He produces a lot of bovine faeces,neutral
Given what he’s spews it’s probably the most truthful he’s been,positive
If you can't find her policies you haven't even tried. Stop your fake bullshit,negative
They’re all outlined on her website but you don’t care,positive
"Price gouging : https://www.cnn.com/2024/08/15/politics/harris-price-gouging-ban-economic-policy-speech/index.html


Tax cuts for the middle class:
https://www.cnn.com/2024/08/16/politics/harris-middle-class-tax-cuts-economic-policy/index.html


Expanded child tax credits: https://www.cnn.com/2021/07/14/politics/child-tax-credit-payments-explainer/index.html


No tax on tips (but with no loopholes): https://www.cnn.com/2024/08/12/politics/taxes-on-tips-eliminate-proposal-harris/index.html


Raise corporate tax rates back to 28%: https://www.cnn.com/2024/08/19/politics/harris-corporate-tax-rate-raise-proposal/index.html


A four part plan to lower housing costs: https://www.cnn.com/2024/08/15/politics/kamala-harris-plan-housing-costs/index.html (this includes $25k down payment help, $10k tax credit for first time buyers and tax incentives to help builders build 3M new homes)


And that's just the economy...if you are interested, there is more detail here on foreign policy, reproductive rights, and immigration: https://www.cnn.com/interactive/2024/08/politics/kamala-harris-key-issues-dg/",positive
Really wish YouTube can auto generate captions for live debates for us with auditory processing issues.,positive
I watched on YouTube and it had captions. Was on the PBS channel.,neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"Could matter? It will.

Anybody who was politically aware during the Bush administration understands how remarkable Cheney’s endorsement is. I was a kid then, and even I see it.

It’s not about liking him, making him out to be a good guy now, rewriting his history, any of that. 

Dick Cheney is an awful man. He’s still the same guy. He was the architect behind a lot of his administration’s failures honestly. 

Regardless, he’s meeting the moment by aligning with us (we’re not aligning with him or together, we’ve all been right first, he’s meeting us on our side, this isn’t compromise) Cheney shockingly recognizes the dangers of a second Trump term and therefore has decided to endorse the Democratic nominee, how does that not matter? 

At worst, it could help move the needle for a particular bloc of senior citizen conservatives. At best, Dick Cheney of all people is saying the Democratic nominee should win. 

It’s not even a case of “the enemy of my enemy is my friend” that’s a stupid saying, it’s simply a case of a Republican Vice President aligning with our side.",negative
Can't believe we're in a timeline where there's a single presidential candidate with endorsements by both Bernie Sanders and Dick Cheney.,negative
He’s creating a permission structure for other Republicans to join suit.  It’s a smart move.,positive
"Technically, he’s endorsing Harris. What he wants to do is stop Trump. This is a Liz Cheney play for 2028.",positive
"I think it may sway some. Cheney the younger may be persona non grata, but there's a group of GOP old schoolers that may heed this warning.",negative
"Dick Cheney would never endorse a radical communist for president.  Even though he disagrees with Harris on policy, him endorsing Harris shows she is reasonable and can do the job as president.",negative
The enemy of my enemy is my frenemy?,negative
"You essentially have two sides - one side has a fundamental appreciation for this country, its institutions, traditions, and laws. None of those things are perfect, but they are to be respected, and changed when necessary. 

The other side has cast all of that aside for a single cult leader. They’ve been convinced that all of those things are irrelevant and that one man’s opinion and actions should supersede our country. 

So what you’re seeing is a bunch of people - some we may or may not agree with on most things - coming together because they have an appreciation for our country. 

Dick Cheney was one of the most consequential VPs in the past few decades. He is the second highest ranking Republican to endorse Harris. He represents a group of people who may not agree with Harris but agrees with her stance that this country and its institutions are important and that her opponent is antithetical to all it stands for.",positive
It should matter to the few decent country first republicans that remain and all level headed right leaning independents..  If Dick Fucking Cheney's voting Blue you know there's a fucking problem.. He fears for our constitution and democracies continued survival.,negative
It could. Or it couldn’t. Maybe I should write for the MSM.,neutral
I never thought I’d see the day when the closest thing we have to a Batman villain actually did something good,negative
"Register to vote : https://www.usa.gov/register-to-vote

•	⁠Check your registration here as well. Some states have purged voter rolls and you may need to register again. •	⁠Some states require you to register 30 days before the election you wish to vote in. •	⁠If you have questions check with your local election officials.

For fun: see if there is ongoing litigation surrounding your states election laws that cause the problems above.  All swing states, and many others- are currently being litigated to address the disenfranchisement of voters.

https://www.democracydocket.com/cases/

For extra fun: Project 2025: https://static.project2025.org/2025_MandateForLeadership_FULL.pdf

For a pointed analysis of Project 2025: https://kamalaharris.com/project2025/

I hope you take time to read project 2025. It has a table of contents so you can see what matters to you


For an independent analysis of trumps first term economic policy: https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-tax/the-2017-trump-tax-law-was-skewed-to-the-rich-expensive-and-failed-to-deliver",positive
"Very anecdotally, I saw someone post a message thread with their father that he would vote for Harris because of Cheney’s endorsment. I have no clue if that reflects anything significant though.",negative
The media sure loves to downplay anything that could harm Diaper Don's chances. They don't care about this country. Just the ratings,positive
To whom?,neutral
How is Dick still alive???   Didn’t he have a heart transplant at 71?  I can’t believe he is 83.,positive
Just another opportunity for grifters like Jimmy Dore and Matt Taibi to peddle some bullshit to their gullible fans about how the democrats are the warmonger party or whatever Russian talking points they were given.,negative
Anyone here remember Joe Lieberman at the GOP convention? Wanted McCain instead of Obama.,neutral
"It could, yes, but the bastard is a war criminal.",negative
"I think Dick should be in prison for his vast crimes. But, I'll take a positive where I can. Good on him for not backing a sociopath who's hell bent on leading America back to 1950.",negative
Halliburton money is on board?,neutral
"I appreciate every vote, glad they spoke out.",positive
"I haven’t talked to my In-Laws lately, but I’m sure their take on it is that Dick Cheney isn’t the man they thought he was. Rather than making them question their loyalty to Trump, they’ll question how Dick Cheney could have fallen so far. 

It’s exactly what they did with Romney.",negative
If what saves us is the community changing their vote because of guy who was an asshole when he had power then this country is screwed. Just remember. The only reason they are on this side is because they wanted trumps position as king of the republicans.,negative
Of course it matters! Why wouldn’t it?,positive
Dearth Vader just endorsed Kamala.,negative
It won’t because Republican voters don’t know about it.,neutral
"I dunno…I don’t actually see it mattering. Like I’d love to be wrong, I truly would. I’m just trying to figure out who these “principled republicans” are that we’re just holding out to see what dick Cheney thinks….",positive
No it won’t.,negative
Wyoming will have 2 votes for Harris.  Wyoming will move to kick them out.,neutral
"Isn’t it amazing that today, we would think that Cheney/Bush are actually preferable to Trump/Vance? Ultimately, Cheney’s endorsement does nothing, as does Scaramucci or Cohen. Trump supporters plan on holding them accountable if they win - seeing them as traitors to the cause - and D’s don’t trust them. Now, if Haley suddenly switched her endorsement, that might mean something.",positive
Obviously Cheney doesn’t like Trump the defense industry stands to lose 100 billion a year once papa Putin yanks trumps leash over Ukraine,positive
Dick Cheney is a fucking war criminal. Best thing he could do for us is die,negative
"Why do we want some one more evil, fascist, and war hungry than Trump to endorse Kamala. Screw both Cheney's, they will not bring in votes.

Why do democrats hate winning, stop being so center right and be more left leaning or progressive.",negative
Satan has a lot of power on this earth. Not bad to have him backing your campaign.,positive
How? They kicked his daughter out of the house and no one batted an eye.,negative
Yeah it's going to damage her already fragile image among voters. Why do democrats keep trying to court conservative voters who absolutely will not vote for them? Having a monstrous war criminal endorse your presidency is not the own that you think it is.,negative
It does matter. But not in a positive way.,negative
This is suck nonsense. No one on the right cares what he has to say so this is just far left media trying to make themselves feel better. I’ll give a dollar to anyone who changed their mind because of what dick Cheney has to say.,negative
"Endorsements never have any effect on presidential elections anymore. Just like a prominent Democrat from a long standing democratic party royalty (Robert Kennedy Jr) won't have any impact on the election, dick Cheney endorsement of harris won't have any impact for her....it's crazy to think otherwise",positive
"Sure... the sun COULD rise in the west tomorrow morning, too. Come on. The results in November will be easier to take if people stopped grasping at any straw they can find.

Cheney was forgotten long ago. His opinions don't matter.",positive
Dick Cheney endorsing the Democratic platform means they're officially the party of endless wars.,negative
So... Do we like Dick Cheney now? I didn't get the memo.,negative
Yeah convinced me to vote for Trump,positive
[removed],neutral
Not at all,neutral
"Yeah - anyone who thinks the Cheney endorsement is us capitulating to the right is simply unserious. I’m 100% sure the Harris campaign in no way shape or form sought out an endorsement from fucking Dick Cheney. 

It’s just the reality that one of the most evil and awful people in modern American history can look at Trump and say “that’s too much for even me”. To suggest this endorsement is pulling Harris to the right is simply moronic.",negative
"> Dick Cheney is an awful man. He’s still the same guy.

> Regardless, he’s meeting the moment by aligning with us… Cheney shockingly recognizes the dangers of a second Trump term

Exactly. This is basically “worst person you know just made a great point” - you know shit is serious when an actual monster like Dick Cheney thinks that Trump is a threat to democracy. The guy was on a presidential ticket that * actually * stole an election.",negative
"I’ve been saying about these republicans endorsing Harris that with all the stuff Trump supporters have looked past, it isn’t going to change any minds. Why it matters is that for every one of these well known republicans that are voting democrat, they represent thousands of non-famous Republicans likely doing the same. It shows that there can be a massive push to get republicans to reject MAGA for this one election.",positive
"> Anybody who was politically aware during the Bush administration understands how remarkable Cheney’s endorsement is. I was a kid then, and even I see it.

Is it as remarkable as Trumps own VP (and almost his entire cabinet) not endorsing him?",positive
"The bots over on conservative think we’re all going to be kowtowing for him and crying like he’s some liberal messiah. 

I just don’t get how they can be so far down that rabbit hole",negative
">At best, Dick Cheney of all people is saying the Democratic nominee should win. 

You're 100% right.

 It comes off like a Rodney Dangerfield bit. ""Now you got Trump going for the White House. He's so corrupt Dick Cheney is going ""This fucking guy...""",positive
"Anyone who cares about what the Cheneys have to say was probably already not going to vote for Trump, but where it could make the difference is in getting some of them to vote for Harris instead of staying home.  The Cheneys have strong conservative credentials, so them voting for Harris reassures other Never-Trump Republicans that they can do the same without betraying their conservative values.",positive
Cheney’s support also makes all the silence from other pre-Trump GOP leaders more deafening. A domino effect would be fantastic. A GWB speech explaining why we can’t elect Trump would actually go a long way,positive
"It would probably be more meaningful if W did it.  I'm not looking a gift horse in the mouth but the first thing I thought was *This makes sense, Trump caused his daughter to lose her seat and Liz was Dick's political legacy.*  She was supposed to spend a lifetime in office and now she's pushed out.",negative
"Unless somebody opens the crypt and rolls him out to say it himself, I'll keep believing Liz is just stage managing.  Dick Cheney supporting any Democratic candidate is unthinkable to me.  Especially when W continues to roll heavy with Harlan Crow et al.  Those were Cheney's guys",negative
"It *should*, but in order to be a Trump fan at this point, you have to be so deep in your own rationalizing that a Dick Cheney endorsement is easy enough to dodge in order to preserve your own ""I made the right choice already"" notion",positive
For such a tight election the few tenths of a point his endorsement moves things could be what turns NC blue and puts PA out of reach.,positive
"Or it just shows that they are all actually for the same thing, War, war spending , and more government. Al Gore and Dick Cheney endorsement of the same person. Meanwhile the other opponent is campaigning to drain the swamp ( again lol ) and end war and military spending. These people are all getting filthy rich off of tax payers and the orange man who just partnered with RFK and Gabbard is threatening their gravy train.",negative
"I disagree. Republicans today talk about the Bush administration like it was someone else. They constantly discuss how awful the wars in the middle east were even though they started them and called anyone against them a traitor. 

It's very easy to dismiss Cheney. He is an establishment Republican. The kind of establishment Republican that Trump dog walks and humiliates. Most of them gimp themselves out to Trump while sometimes levelling some minor criticism. 

Republicans see Cheney as the establishment Republican party that needed to be done away with. And Trump is the ""outsider"" who has done it. 

This endorsement won't matter.",negative
"I don't know whether he is awful or not, I've never met him. Maybe you have. He hasn't done much as VP I agreed with and lot that I didn't, but he is a seasoned politician with a historical perspective, and can assess what the second Trump term will mean to the US and to the world.",negative
"Yeah, let's go center right to win over Republicans instead of being progressive and left-leaning. This is sure to work, I mean look at Hillary and current Biden.",positive
"I agree about a Liz Cheney and 2028 - and I'm fine with it.  I hope to see another election where a potential loss is more ""unfortunate"" rather than ""unrecoverable"" for the country. If she can steer the GOP back from total insanity then I'm not going to complain about her making a play here.",neutral
"i listened to her book, and the way she tells it (obviously biased since it’s her book) she really was one of only a few voices on the right who immediately rose to the occasion and tried to stop, and then convict trump for his actions and inactions. before j6, during j6, and after j6. from the day trump declared the election stolen she worked pretty ceaselessly, right up to the point she suffered the greatest election loss ever for her seat and had to leave congress. 

i know she’s aiming for 2028. that’s her right and though i do not like her politics, she's not so completely odious that she should be ruled out as a future republican candidate. she also risked her political career to do the right thing. 

i would most likely never vote for her. we agree on very little and until she started openly dissenting the trump maga party line, i had written her off as another soulless cheney.  i don’t think she’s soulless now, i appreciate what she did. i would rather she do the right thing, than be silent. i appreciate that dick cheney is willing to speak out, even if it was just to stop donald trump and to potentially help his daughter when she runs in a post trump world. 

because he didn’t have to do this. he could have sat quiet in wyoming.  it doesn’t make him a good person, and it doesn’t redeem him for the awful things he’s done in the past. but it was at least something when he could have done nothing.",neutral
"Does 2 things like most endorsements. 1, Will change some things. 2, It stacks. It stacks on top of all the other endorsements.

Lots of people don't pay attention to politics. But show them a list of endorsements to an unnamed politician and they will make up their mind to vote or not vote for the person they have no idea who it is.

Endorsements are cheat sheets for the super intellectually lazy.  

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Kamala_Harris_2024_presidential_campaign_endorsements",positive
Frenemies with benefies,neutral
Just don't go hunting with him,neutral
"In all honesty, I think he's earned himself a lot of respect with this move. Yes, we can disagree on policy with him but I love how he has come out in support of the party that actually wants to help people and move this country forward, not revert the horrible ways of the past. One country, **united**, just like Harris's campaign keeps repeating.

I fucking love this movement.",positive
Expect the MAGAts to lie. It is what they do best and likely the only thing they do well. Then go vote.,positive
Journalists love this simple trick.,positive
Maybe you should. But maybe you shouldn’t.,neutral
I think it will make a difference to a lot of old school boomer republicans who don't like trump ,negative
The media literally has a hard on for Harris. I’ve yet to see any positive media for Trump only negative. Where are you looking?,negative
Barbara. And Roger.,neutral
"Yup.

Gore made such a huge mistake choosing Lieberman as his running mate.",neutral
Please. Let's not sully Darth Vader's name this week.,positive
God it's gross people want warhawks over trump.  To me warhawks are the worst thing ever.  Trump is way better than the warhawks.,negative
"This will make a difference with the soft/lean R independent and Republicans. This could help on the margins, which is where this election will be won.",positive
It's a free country. He can support whoever he wants.,positive
">Why do we want some one more evil, fascist, and war hungry than Trump to endorse Kamala. 

Because the people Harris needs sometimes vote Republican. Elections are zero sum games and appealing to more voters is important.

>Why do democrats hate winning, stop being so center right and be more left leaning or progressive.

Ask President Sanders how that worked out. The most damaging attack on Kamala so far is that she's too liberal.",negative
"Whatever, doomer. 

They specifically already have.",neutral
I will never vote for anyone cheney endorses.  It's insane to me.,negative
Both parties are filled with corporate warmongers.,negative
Cheney is worse than Trump? Yikes what a take.,negative
"Bizarre seeing Palpatine advocate *for* democracy, innit",negative
I very much doubt the Harris team went out and asked for this endorsement,neutral
Definitely “suck nonsense“,positive
Thanks for contributing your psychic powers to the conversation.,positive
"> Robert Kennedy Jr

Always amusing to see people try to pump up RFKj as some important figure on the left. Dude was a C-lister before he went crazy with the anti-vax and Trump shit. Cheney was WH CoS, SecDef, and VP. They are not the same.",negative
"Enh. Someone like Cheney backing her can potentially have a big impact. Not necessarily in terms of votes, but behind the scenes in terms of dollars and other very powerful/influential people in key industries jumping on board. These guys all are members of the same clubs and various organizations that funnel money into PACs etc. Lots of old money types. Even just a couple of those guys might say to themselves, ""if Dick is onboard publicly, with everyone/everything he knows, I'll take that as a signal to use some of my resources (privately) to help swing it for Kamala so I can make sure I have a seat on the White House Council for X industry, or maybe an ambassadorship etc etc.""",positive
Apples & Oranges.,neutral
Yep.  This is what I see.  I don't know why they thought this was a good thing.,positive
"Because there was no memo. We’re not in agreement with him, he’s in agreement with us.",negative
"No, we like having a permission structure for Republicans to crossover on the presidential ballot. Dick Cheney remains evil.",negative
"No, but we'll take his vote, along with those of every other traditional conservatives.",neutral
"This depends highly on his framing on *why* he supports Kamala.


You can read his released statement. It's not with regards to policy (for the most part) but with regards to the democratic threat Trump presents.


This is correct. We don't need Republicans (especially ones like Dick) to wax on and off about Harris' policies. We need them to recognize that whatever policy disagreements they have with the Dem candidate, they still present themselves within a normal window of acceptable behavior whereas Trump does not. 


He's done things that go beyond the pale of mundane policy disagreements and it's important for Republicans to recognize that.


From what I've seen, the Republicans that have spoken out do not seem to be signaling an absolute need for Kamala to lean into their policy prescriptions, they accept she might not. Their coming to her where she's at as a contrast to Trump.


In the end I think this will have a normalizing effect towards Harris' more progressive agenda if she wins and she's an effective leader. They'll aline her success with their support.",positive
Nope,neutral
Right.  I honestly don't know why a war criminals support would help them.,negative
"The Cheneys' endorsement isn't to convince undecided voters, it's to convince never-Trump Republicans to vote for Harris instead of just staying home.",positive
I really can't imagine anyone not having their minds made up.,neutral
"Some do know, some will care. How many is an open question, but in an election where a few thousand votes in the right areas could make the difference, every advantage helps.",positive
"I can’t help but think a lot of people are terminally online and too caught up in their own anxieties. 

Their logic is stupid, their constant negativity is annoying, and their loser mindsets are pathetic. It’s like they can’t help but frame things in a way that equates our loss.

We’re not meeting Cheney in the middle here, he’s come to us.",negative
It actually represents Cheney moving left.,neutral
"You don't have to take Cheney at his word (I would go as far as saying you shouldn't ever take him at his word). Good for him for endorsing, but that's it. He isn't endorsing Harris because he feels Trump is over some internal evil threshold (it's *Dick Cheney*), he's doing it because he knows if Trump isn't stopped then Cheney's particular brand of also incredibly super-fucking-evil-but-sort-of-outwardly-polite conservatism is dead. He isn't voting with his conscience, he didn't see the light, he isn't doing the right thing for any good reasons, he has ulterior motives and is trying to make a savvy political play to ensure that people like him can continue to be as evil as he was into the near future. If Kissinger was alive and endorsed Harris, would you think he was doing it for some noble reasons for the good of the republic?

Cheney and Trump are both evil at a level where trying to rank them doesn't even matter. They are two of the absolute worst living Americans. The entire world is demonstrably worse, scores of people have died because of both of these ghouls. I don't think his endorsement is pulling Harris to the right or some sign that she's a secret neocon, I just think Dick Cheney is truly and utterly reprehensible, a ghoul on the same level as Trump, who I no way *at all* has good intentions with this. Take his vote, we need them all, but realize he is always working, he is true scum, and he doesn't have the same wants as you or I do.",negative
"It is the democrats capitulating to the right. They’ve done it on several issues such as the border, tax cuts for the rich, company bailouts, etc.",positive
The timing is a little suspicious. They remove aversion to torture from their platform and then Cheney jumps on board? Sus...,negative
"Yeah, I even had a professor in law school who helped them steal it. I’m sorry but nobody can preach otherwise to me about this. 

We never wanted Cheney’s endorsements but it’s absolutely not a bad thing that we have it.",positive
Stalin teaming up with the alliance to defeat nazis vibe,negative
Because they are a terrorist organization.,negative
"My personal opinion, it’s probably more remarkable. I think we expected Pence and the rest not to endorse. 

To me, Cheney’s endorsement reads like Palpatine realizing that there’s a more sinister disturbance than himself in the force so he decides to endorse Chancellor Valorum, who consulted with the Jedi, and Star Wars never gets past Episode I.",negative
Yeah I agree but W’s a dumbass so I’m not expecting anything.,negative
Gore’s and Cheyney’s endorsement of the same candidate does not show that at all. Genuinely failing to see the logic there.,negative
I can't believe people are so blind.  This is what it shows as clear as day.,negative
"Yeah it will, there are republican voter blocs that exist outside of the maga majority.",positive
Harris didn't make any concessions to the Cheneys to secure their endorsement.  They're endorsing her because Trump is an existential threat to democracy.,positive
"This is dumb. If Cheney is meeting us, how are we moving center right? 

Loser ass mindsets, you people can’t see positivity anywhere.",negative
"Do you have evidence that Harris/Walz ""went center right"" to gain Cheney's support?",positive
Kamala didn't ask him to endorse her as far as I know. Liz has been firmly and openly anti maga this whole time and Dick apparently finally saw something so bad that even he couldn't stomach it. Kamala doesn't have pander to them. Trump is just THAT bad.,negative
Ya. It’s not a complaint. Just something I thought that was likely. Cheneys play the long game.,positive
"I am a life long democrat and reading that book made me really respect her commitment to the country. 

Would I vote for her? Hell no. 
Would I crawl into a hole of despair if she were elected? Only because I disagree vehemently with her policies and not because I feared for the future of our democracy.",negative
She made him do it.,neutral
"It's *Dick Cheney*

His life's output is so awful, the world is so much worse having had him near power, he literally never deserves respect.

I mean this not as an insult, but were you politically engaged during his time in power? He's not just simply Bush's VP, he's one of the worst monsters in modern American politics (as is Trump, don't get me wrong)",negative
Are you… being serious right now?,negative
The force is strong with you.,positive
Yeah congrats on winning maybe a 100 votes.,positive
He should be in Prison or exiled for the harm he's done.,negative
"Kamala isn't too Liberal, and instead of trying to be more progressive, she tries to be more conservative to win over doubtful republicans?

The enitre DNC was against Bernie, the majority of people loved Bernie but unfortunately the establishment and neo-liberals don't want change or social safety nets.

Kamala was surging when she decided to be progressive, instead of the zionist Shapiro, she picked pro union Walz. Now she's doing the Hilary and Biden strategy of being center right and win over conservatives. This is why young people don't vote, there is little to gain and only the lesser of two evils.

The DNC is taking our votes for granted and if you try to apply pressure then you're considered pro-Trump. I'm a child of undocumented immigrants, the Democratic has done very little for me and my family and are demonizing immigrants to win over Republicans. This only makes me angrier to vote for Kamala (I know, Trump bad).",positive
"They exist on a level of evil where ranking them is a waste of time. He and Trump (and George Bush) are some of the worst living Americans, and dare I say some of the worst people in the entire world. The harm Cheney has done not just on America, not just on the Middle East, but on the *world* is staggering.",negative
Trump started a war with lies?,negative
[removed],neutral
That should tell everyone how bad Trump is to those who pay attention,negative
She didn't have to bring it up.  No one forced her to tell everyone about it like it was a good thing.,positive
"with how the Harris campaign has been since the announcement, I'm not so sure.",negative
Suck nonsense is two stages above such nonsense ; ),negative
Understood.,neutral
".., the “Never Trumpers” can be a significant set of voters",positive
"This right here. His support likely indicates Bush's support also, which Bush will not explicitly express.",positive
"Yes it’s this exactly.

It’s like people who were railing against the DNC having Bill Clinton and Oprah speak. Like yall need to chill, these are two incredibly popular people with our parents generation.

Sometimes people need to step back and ask themselves if they are the target audience for this.",positive
yes his statement is holy crap that guy should be nowhere near power and i agree,positive
"I would agree with you whole heartedly if Cheney pulled some shit like ""I am writing in Ronald Reagan"" or something. But I think the fact that he is willing to vote for a Democratic black woman in order to not see Trump get elected adds a layer of nuance to the situation. 

That being said, I know I am not the target audience for a Cheney endorsement (and I assume you are not either), but I am not worried that Harris is going to be pulled to the right because of this.",positive
I agree the Democrats have capitulated to the right on some issues. But that doesn't automatically mean Cheney giving an endorsement that no one asked for is another instance of that.,positive
"Oh I didn't know about that, do you have a source? Not doubting you, just want to read more.",positive
">My personal opinion, it’s probably more remarkable. I think we expected Pence and the rest not to endorse.

But like, if this was literally anyone else than Trump and the ridiculous GOP propaganda machine -- having a former president running again, with his VP and entire cabinet saying ""this guy is not fit for office"" would be immediately disqualifying.

Almost every single person he worked with when he was president is saying ""this guy is not fit for office"". Yet the right is like ""he's my guy! they're all just RINOs now!""  It's kind of terrifying how literally nothing can get through the right wing's propaganda bubble.",negative
"I never said they were looking for it. But in the DNC rather than give Palestinian people a voice they chose Republicans who we should be consider enemies.

My point is, stay away from endorsing Republicans and conservatives, they are evil. They do not play fair and will never vote for a democratic bill.",negative
"so what? he still did it. just like he asked people to follow covid guidelines, and get vaccinated. broken clocks are right twice a day.

edit- that dude told me i had too much time on my hands and then blocked me. very mature. such a compelling rebuttal.",positive
"We definitely don't have to respect or like him - just absorb the endorsement, forget about him until his cyborg self resurfaces again.",positive
"Obama chose to ""move forward"".",neutral
"I swear to god, if you guys were in 1933 Germany you'd be acting upset that Hitler's opposition wasn't left enough to win your vote.

Kamala's platform is effectively the most progressive in history but that's still not enough, for fucks sake. Her platform is not ""center right"".",positive
"Ok yes fair enough. I just don’t get where OP is coming from at all with acting high and mighty. Biden was literally the most progressive president since FDR. Kamala is appealing to the middle, as is done in general elections, to win over more votes. If she were to run as the lefty commie liberal the OP wants her to run as, she’d be far back in the polls.",positive
"All of your points go unheard when you start name calling for no reason. 

Bush and Cheney were terrible, there is no denying that. If you want to compare Trump vs Cheney, it’s Trump that is worse hands down. It’s the Trump admin that completely undermined our democracy and it is Trump who is interested in tossing out the constitution. 

Domestically, Trump is quite literally a terrorist. But sure, Cheney is worse 🫢",negative
"I mean, agreed. I just think it's funny. If you'd told me in 2008 I'd be voting for the same person as Dick Cheney, I'd have been really confused.",negative
Is that what you get from this? I get that the military industrial complex candidates are getting together because they don't want to lose their power.,positive
Maybe even three,neutral
And someone would want that why? Who cares about old warhawks.  They should be an embarrassment and keep their heads hidden.,positive
"I think a lot of people's online stress and problems revolve around them simply not understanding they are NOT the target audience for something... and then take personal offense that something was created with another person in mind.

I see this in fandoms all the time and it is exhausting.",negative
"I agree that I don't believe it represents any real shift to the right or ascension of Cheney as a decision maker amongst democrats, I just simply wish he wasn't getting glazed so hard for doing one right thing that millions of rational Americans, rational Americans who aren't overachieving war criminals, were going to do to no fanfare. I wish his ass was brought to the Hague. Bush, too. I don't give a damn if he hugs Michelle Obama and paints pictures of soldiers.

My worry is this run of good press actually helps whitewash Cheney, and he uses it to push his brand of evil with less resistance. I'll take his vote, he can have a pat on his stupid head, but then I think he shouldn't be brought up again. He is a cancer, he is evil, he benefits from people saying ""even Dick Cheney thinks etc etc etc.""

He's one of the worst people in the world",negative
"Yeah I agree, cults are terrifying in that way. Unfortunately, I believe there’s no coming back for a majority of those still in the maga cult. 

There was a window period for People’s Temple members to leave the cult before they all moved to Jonestown. Some got lucky and did, others rode it out to the very end. 

I think maga has jumped the shark and left to Jonestown. Those that got out might be good, those still are likely too far gone.",positive
">Republicans  who we should be consider enemies

Actually the opposite is true, and Obama devoted a big part of his convention speech to the point that we shouldn't write people off or demonize them when we disagree with them, we should instead try to find common ground where it exists and build out from there.  This country's divisions can never be healed if we think of our fellow citizens as evil or enemies.

>My point is, stay away from endorsing Republicans and conservatives

Harris isn't endorsing Cheney, it's the other way around.",negative
You have a lot of time on your hands.,neutral
"Even amongst evil cyborgs, he'd still be one of the worst of the worst. A true piece of shit ghoul through and through. His penance for not being prosecuted as a war criminal is that he should *at very least* be spit on every time he's in public",negative
"How? Isn't Netanyahu doing genocide, even the ICJ want to prosecute him. That is more in align to your Hitler analysis. 

Kamala isn't Left, she's just center right. The issue is that Northern American politics has a bar so low that we consider medicare for all to be a radical position. The entire world has free health insurance and social safety nets. Why is it bad to try and pressure a candidate?",negative
How was it that Hitler got the Chancellorship? It wasn't because he won the most votes.,negative
What happened with Bush vs Al Gore election?,neutral
"> it is Trump who is interested in tossing out the constitution.  

The Brooks Brothers Riot, the Patriot Act, warrantless wiretapping, extraordinary rendition, secret courts, the Plame Affair, the Unitary Executive...

The Bush admin in general and Cheney in particular were undermining the Constitution 20 years ago all that's happened since then is no one tried to fix the damage.",negative
"Cheney's injection of the Unitary executive theory deeper and deeper into the recesses of DC and consolidation of power is exactly what Republicans and Trump used to undermine the system.

The only reason Trump is viewed as worse is because he didn't follow the playbook set out for him, he was the embodiment of ""saying the quite part out loud"".

He evoked a reaction, unlike Chaney who's goal was to arrive at the same point, but do so in a way that made it impossible to slam on the brakes.

I know it's a mindfuck, but Trump is the lesser evil here.",negative
Then you aren’t a serious person and are just peddling in conspiracy theories,negative
"It is a general inability for people to recognize that something is not for them and just move on with their lives instead of waging a grievance campaign against that thing. 

Fandoms are definitely the worst. I hate this adaptation, so I will campaign for it to not exist for the millions of people who enjoy it rather than just go on living my life.",negative
I'll drink a Bud Light to this. 🍻,neutral
This comment needs more love. We have a serious problem with Main Character Syndrome.,positive
"Oh I definitely agree, this is how I feel about pretty much every Republican who is endorsing Harris over Trump now. 

Also whenever I see people who were 2016/2020 Trump supporters who are now coming around to the fact that Trump sucks and doesn't have your best interests at heart I get kinda annoyed cause most of us knew this since 2016. But congrats here is your medal for taking 8 years to figure out something that's been known I guess. 

It's kinda indicative of the perception of Democrats and Republicans in general. Democrats are always cleaning up their messes, and Republicans get huge amounts of praise for doing the bare minimum. 

A democrat is pro choice, it's par for the course. A Republican who is pro big corporation, wants to cut welfare programs, give tax cuts to the rich, and destroy the environment, but is also pro choice gets heralded as a token ""moderate"" (looking at you Larry Hogan). 

Unfortunately, we just exist in a time where we have to pick our battles and take whatever support we can get. And we need to drive turnout among the youth vote who didn't get to experience first hand the shitshow that was the Bush/Cheney administration (myself included), which means we don't get the luxury of rehashing the crimes of Republicans past as much as we would like.",positive
">Isn't Netanyahu doing genocide, even the ICJ want to prosecute him. 

No, and the ICJ hasn't said that they are.

> The issue is that Northern American politics has a bar so low that we consider medicare for all to be a radical position. The entire world has free health insurance and social safety nets.

This is a misunderstanding of both European politics and European healthcare.  Firstly because many countries including Germany and Ireland do not in fact have free health insurance, and secondly because actual far right fascist and fascist-adjascent parties do exist in Europe and are frequently getting 15-35% of the vote these days.

The world political spectrum is not ""the US + Scandanavia"".  You don't get to pretend that Norway, France and Denmark represent the world average and that the US is therefore the outlier.

Not to mention the public healthcare systems in many of those countries, especially the UK, are currently falling apart after decades of mismanagement (generally but not always by conservatives).",neutral
"A presidential nominee won a Supreme Court case that ultimately decided the election in 2000. It is not remotely comparable to a sitting president losing an election and then attempting a coup to stop the peaceful transfer of power. 

Now the 2000 election case was a sham, but that’s on the Supreme Court. Speaking of, Trump and Mitch packed the courts with unqualified and deranged politicos during the Trump term. Another reason added to the Trump is the big bad in this argument column.",positive
"Appreciate the thoughtful response and agree with you broadly (while wanting to make an exception for Cheney because he sucks so much).

Good chat!",positive
"Wow,I no longer trust what you say, goodbye",negative
"It's sad how delusional and stupid Liberals are. Thorough out history you guys keep on helping fascism grow by being complacent.

This race shouldn't be close, Kamala should be winning but after the DNC event she started to lose momentum. Why? Because she started following Biden's example, rather than go left it progressive. Try to be more center-right, be friends with republicans, we can win their votes.",positive
"Yes same to you! Gotta love a civil Reddit interaction! 

FWIW I’m fairly confident this Cheney endorsement was good for a news cycle but Dick Cheney will not really brought up again this entire campaign haha. That’s my hope at least!",positive
"That's a shame. Are you under the mistaken, incorrect impression that the ICJ has actually rendered a judgement that Israel is committing a genocide?",negative
"Why are you moving the goal posts? You said Cheney was worse than Trump, then called me stupid, then ignored all of the points I’ve made. 

If you just want to rant, go to YouTube and post a video or something.",negative
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"Look at that! Functioning government! Let's have more of this as opposed to Trump's chaos. 

Vote Kamala Harris.",negative
"Biden spent the last four years making huge investments in America's infrastructure, created jobs, spurred a flurry of new factory and facility construction, brought microchip production back to our shores, and much more.  

This will also build up the tax base and create more revenue for the government over time.

He arguably has done more to build future economic growth than any other president in decades. 

Republicans voted against most of it, but continue to go out of their way to take credit for it on the rare occasions they speak to their constituents. 

If the US press was even slightly fair and decent, most Americans would know about these accomplishments. Instead, many of them either don't mention them, or say the exact opposite.",positive
Sploosh,neutral
">*The Biden-Harris Administration’s Investing in America Agenda Will Support 293 Projects Across 33 States to Improve Hydroelectric Facilities, Increase Dam Safety, Mitigate Fish and Wildlife Impacts, and Increase Access to Affordable, Carbon-free Electricity*

>As part of the Biden-Harris Administration’s Investing in America agenda, the Department of Energy (DOE) today announced the selection of 293 hydroelectric improvement projects across 33 states that will receive up to $430 million in incentive payments to upgrade hydropower facilities – in operation for an average of 79 years. Administered by the Grid Deployment Office (GDO) and funded by the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, the Maintaining and Enhancing Hydroelectricity Incentives program will enhance dam safety, improve grid resilience at 215 facilities, and protect 6,000 existing jobs at hydropower facilities as well as contractors and vendors.  
...  
Hydropower currently accounts for nearly 27% of renewable electricity generation in the United States, as well as 93% of all utility-scale energy storage. However, the fleet is aging, with many facilities in need of repair and upgrades.  
...  
The Investing in America agenda supports capital improvements directly related to three main areas of hydropower: improving grid resilience, improving dam safety, and enabling environmental and recreational improvements to hydropower facilities. Within DOE’s portfolio and funded by the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, the Maintaining and Enhancing Hydroelectricity Incentives are complemented by two additional hydroelectric incentives: the Hydroelectric Production Incentives, providing incentive payments to qualified hydroelectric facilities for electricity generated and sold and the Hydroelectric Efficiency Improvement Incentives, providing payments to increase power generation from the nation’s existing hydropower fleet.

The goals of the hydroelectric improvement projects:

>**Strengthen grid resilience at hydropower dams by:**  

>* Replacing or upgrading turbines and generators 
* Upgrading control systems 
* Upgrading cables and transformers 
* Upgrading penstocks, which transport water to the turbines   

>**Improve dam safety** by upgrading aging dam infrastructure and strengthening existing infrastructure against extreme weather events. The average number of years selected facilities have been in operation is 79 years. Specific examples of projects include:  

>* Upgrades to emergency spillways, which channel extra water during heavy rains 
* Concrete replacement to prevent water seepage through the dam 
* Water conveyance repairs to improve how the dam controls water movement 
* Upgrades to gates 
* Upgrades to prevent overtopping of dam walls 
* Erosion repair on the dam and surrounding areas 

>**Facilitate environmental and recreational improvements to hydropower infrastructure that will improve water conditions and expand surrounding habitat and passage for fish and other species**, and upgrade recreational facilities near dams. For example:  

>* Fish passage projects will install fish ladders or other equipment to enable fish and other aquatic species to pass through the dam and/or the turbine. Some projects will also improve or expand the wildlife habitat surrounding the dam.   
* Water quality projects will deploy special turbines that reduce the loss of oxygen in water as it runs through the turbine to generate electricity. Water quality projects might also improve aquatic habitats downstream of the dam, as well as benefit species of conservation concern or cultural significance to Indian Tribes.   
* Recreation projects will establish or maintain recreational facilities and opportunities near the dam, which might include expanding water access for boating; improving access for other recreational activities, such as kayaking and white-water rafting; and enhancing walking trails.

Full list of selections is located at the bottom of the press release. There will be a public webinar regarding the selections on Sept. 11 at 1-1:30pm ET. Statement from U.S. Secretary of Energy Jennifer M. Granholm:

>“As our earliest form of renewable energy generation, hydropower has reliably kept America running for almost 150 years—and the Biden-Harris Administration is ensuring these long-standing facilities can continue the steady flow of clean power,” U.S. Secretary of Energy Jennifer M. Granholm. “Today’s funding will expand and modernize our hydropower fleet, while protecting thousands of American jobs.”",positive
"You know, I could get used to effectively government.",positive
Has water gone woke ?,neutral
"I know hydropower isn't the end-all of green energy, but it's an improvement over coal plants or other fossil fuels. 

Now, can we talk about how this is bad for Biden?

/S",negative
"Hydro power is not generally considered ""green"" in my understanding.",neutral
How many billions to Ukraine?,neutral
">Today’s funding will expand and modernize our hydropower fleet, while protecting thousands of American jobs.

It's laughable to me the Biden-Harris administration are putting on this front about American jobs being protected when one of the first acts of this administration was to cut thousands of jobs when they cancelled the Keystone XL pipeline.  What a joke.  That set the precedent they don't actually care about workers.",positive
"He’s also tearing down dams and investing in the rehab and conservation of natural lands across the country. Ducks Unlimited actually posted a net increase in waterfowl numbers for the first time in years! Some species, like wigeon are up as high as 55%! Migratory salmon are making their way up river systems they haven’t visited without human intervention in 100 years!

The natural world and waterfowl specifically are my passion, and I’m very excited to see more of that investment under the Harris Administration, get out and vote y’all!",positive
Kamala!,neutral
Upgrading existing systems is.,neutral
Why isn't it?,neutral
"According to this continuously updated article on funding to Ukraine of the $175 billion so far spent on the Ukrainian-Russian war Ukraine has only received direct support of $107 billion of which $69.8 billion is the cash equivalent of the weapons provided.

[How Much U.S. Aid Is Going to Ukraine? | Nine charts illustrate the extraordinary level of support the United States has provided Ukraine in its war against Russian invaders.](https://www.cfr.org/article/how-much-us-aid-going-ukraine) ([LB/H/HC](https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/council-on-foreign-relations/))

>A large share of the money in the aid bills is spent in the United States, paying for American factories and workers to produce the various weapons that are either shipped to Ukraine or that replenish the U.S. weapons stocks the Pentagon has drawn on during the war. One analysis, by the American Enterprise Institute, found that Ukraine aid is funding defense manufacturing in more than seventy U.S. cities.

The [America Rescue Plan Act of 2021](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Rescue_Plan_Act_of_2021) contained $1.9 trillion in domestic spending. The [Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act of 2021](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infrastructure_Investment_and_Jobs_Act) added $550 billion in domestic spending. The [Inflation Reduction Act of 2022](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inflation_Reduction_Act) added $891 billion in domestic spending. The [CHIPS and Science Act of 2022](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CHIPS_and_Science_Act) added $280 billion in domestic spending specifically for expanding semiconductor manufacturing. According to [Invest.gov](https://www.whitehouse.gov/invest/?utm_source=invest.gov) $910 billion in private spending has been so far secured for domestic infrastructure.",negative
Israel too of course,neutral
"[Fact-check: Is Biden 'destroying 11,000 jobs' by revoking Keystone pipeline?](https://www.statesman.com/story/news/politics/politifact/2021/01/22/keystone-pipeline-jobs-lost-joe-biden-executive-order-cancel-fact-check/6673822002/) ([LC/H/HC](https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/austin-american-statesman/))

>""When combined with additional 2021 contracts to be announced later, the total number of American union workers constructing Keystone XL in 2021 will exceed 8,000 and $900 million in gross wages,"" the release said. ""In total, Keystone XL is expected to employ more than 11,000 Americans in 2021, creating more than $1.6 billion in gross wages.""

>That’s close to what the State Department found in its 2014 report.

>In the report, the agency wrote that 10,400 estimated positions would be for seasonal construction work lasting four to eight-month periods. Since the State Department defines ""job"" as ""one position that is filled for 1 year,"" that would equate to approximately 3,900 jobs over a two-year period. 

>In short: Most of the estimated jobs were temporary.

>The State Department forecasted that no more than 50 jobs, some of which could be located in Canada, would be required to maintain the pipeline. Thirty-five of them would be permanent, while 15 would be temporary contractors.

[2024 U.S. Energy & Employment Jobs Report (USEER)](https://www.energy.gov/policy/us-energy-employment-jobs-report-useer)

>In 2023, jobs in clean energy grew at more than twice the rate of the strong overall U.S. labor market thanks in large part to the Biden-Harris Investing in America agenda driving record investments in clean energy supply chains. Clean energy jobs grew at double the rate (4.2%) of job growth in the rest of the economy (2.0%), adding 142,000 new jobs.

>For the first time ever, unionization rates in clean energy (12.4%) surpassed the energy sector average (11%). And unionized employers reported less difficulty hiring than non-union employers, with both employer groups reporting an easier time hiring workers than last year.

>The Biden-Harris Administration has spurred a manufacturing boom, especially in the clean energy sector with over 800 facilities announced since 2021 which is reflected in a rapid increase in construction jobs. Construction employment in energy grew 4.5%, almost double the economy-wide construction employment growth of 2.3%.

>Employment increased across all five USEER energy technology categories, which includes electric power generation; energy efficiency; fuels; motor vehicles; and transmission, distribution, and storage, from in 2023. Clean energy jobs increased in every state across the United States.",positive
Username checks out.,neutral
"I love this comment. Hell ya, very cool.",positive
Does this mean no more Salmon Cannon?,negative
I can go along with that,neutral
"Because of the destruction to the environment. Plus concrete creation is extraordinarily un-green. 

10 reasons why hydropower dams are a false climate solution

https://www.internationalrivers.org/news/10-reasons-why-hydropower-dams-are-a-false-climate-solution/",negative
Goddam you didn’t have to absolutely destroy him like that… oh wait yeah you did 💪,negative
Thanks!,positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
Her debate bump in the polls will be around 3-8% mark.,neutral
"The whole gift rendering didn't work for me (older Chrome browser on old Chromebook) but I found an archive:

* https://archive.is/gY7F2",positive
"This submission source is likely to have a hard paywall. If this article is not behind a paywall please report this for “breaks r/politics rules -> custom -> ""incorrect flair"""". [More information can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/index/#wiki_paywalls)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"Well yeah, she’ll be fine either way. It was just a strategy to have Trump meltdown on national TV. He probably still will.",positive
It’s better this way because it creates space to get a message across to the audience. Trump just wants to flood the zone with electric Haitian cats and other goofy nonsense.,positive
I’m not even sure she cares. I think she was using this point to poke the opposition.,positive
"In my opinion she was more trying to get team Trump to argue for them remaining muted, which made Trump appear like he was unable to control himself. Not talking into an unmuted mic is the same audio as from a muted mic. She made Trump admit he can't not talk. At least that's how I interpreted it. I did not think she was wanted to speak when it wasn't her turn.",positive
Am I crazy to think this was total reverse psychology? Now he can't interrupt her and throw any zingers that made him so popular in the first place.,positive
Some part of me wonders if it was a ploy to make DT’s people insist on the format she actually prefers?,neutral
"If he says something off-color, no reason she can’t ask him to repeat it for everyone.",negative
Pizza night!,neutral
"Mics? *Shrug*...I like the rest of the rules.... 


No live audience 


No notes


No moving around the stage  


Who does these rules affect negativity? 


Perhaps it's the person who relies heavily on an audience, can't stay on topic and has to stand in one place for an hour.",negative
Kamala has the prosecutorial skills to put the weird weak criminal on the mat.,negative
I think it's still a win. That was a headline for a week and it spread the message that his staffers don't trust him.,positive
Sucks that she has to do absolutely her best while trump can fart and shit his pants then throw it to the moderator and get %50 votes and be declared debate winner,positive
"She did succeed showing Trump's dishonesty and how easy it is to manipulate him.

Even though Trump and his people have been whining about muted mics since 2020, his handlers have so little trust in their candidate that they immediately flip-flopped on the issue the moment it was offered, after explicitly calling for hot mics.",positive
"As long as Trump gets to talk, he'll shoot himself in the dick repeatedly.

This is totally to her advantage - he's 100% batshit, all the time, and won't have the option to interject and talk over her.",negative
I hope cameras always stay on both of them no matter who is answering.,positive
"I don’t think she ever wanted the mics on. She wants to get her points across without being shouted over, she was just playing a little reverse psychology with Trump by saying the mics should be on. It worked - Trump insisted on muted mics, which is what she wanted all along.",positive
"She could still goad him into it. I could see him continuing to talk over her with his mic off and her saying something like ‘if you wanted to talk while your opponent was talking you should have agreed to have the mics on. You could even request it now. Would you like to have the mics left on? I’ll agree to it. Oh no? You don’t want that? Then, to quote my good friend Joe, would you shut up man!”  

I don’t think this would actually happen. But I bet it would work.",positive
That’s probably for the better. We would just have to deal with trump trying to talk over her the entire time.,positive
I'm pretty sure unmuted mics would have just been the sprinkles on an already iced cake.,positive
"I think she was playing 4D chess.  It looks stronger for her to want the mics on.  But, with them off he won't be able to speak over her.  Truthfully, I don't think it matters either way EXCEPT it's got to IRK Trump that HIS OWN PEOPLE wanted the mics off to protect him from himself.  4D Chess.",positive
I’d bet her real goal was to keep them muted so he would have to hold his tongue and stfu.,neutral
"Why did Biden agree to this btw? This just gives the Trump team a built in excuse to use muted mics to shut Trump up. 

Letting him ramble on is always a winning strategy. The Biden team was imconpetent and now that’s limiting Kamala.",positive
"When is the debate, and where Can I watch it?",neutral
"If he doesn't have enough self-control to stop himself from pounding his fist on the table during a court case, nothing will stop him from hitting his podium.",negative
Can’t wait for Trump’s shitty meandering answers about nothing and for nobody to call him out on them,negative
I honestly think she did this mainly to get Trump to whine about it and refuse.,negative
"No ABC did that all on their own, well his is unmuted at least.",neutral
"I thought Harris would of been stronger. She also talked in circles, which i expected from trump.",positive
Didn't mute them anyway. Sigh.,neutral
He will just talk over it anyway.  The only way he could be muted would be if he was in a sound proof box.,neutral
"I bet Trump wins and all the closeted Trump voters will use this ""victory"" as an excuse to support him instead of Kamala's race and gender.",positive
She shouldn’t have agreed to it,positive
I hope she just says stuff to him as he's speaking even with the mic off,positive
He will scream Biden should have been there instead of Harris followed by a plot by the evil Dems to have Biden removed for the even more evil Harris!,negative
"He will be trying to throw her from across the stage.

Edit: throw her off, not throw her. He’s a frail old man.",neutral
"All she has to do is ask Trump, I heard you wanted the mics unmuted I’m fine with that if you still want it that way. His ego will cave to a woman and agree",positive
I’d say it’s 50/50 he drops the N word.,neutral
"Hmm maybe she wears a mic to pick up his nonsense. Then call him out on the things he said off-mic, and release the proof after he denies it.

Sure, it won't lose him voters anyways, but it will push his buttons even more.",negative
I bet she has a plan to goad him into agreeing to turn them on.,positive
7 hours later… he had a meltdown,neutral
"Electric Haitian Cats. New band name, called it.",neutral
Plus hearing less farts would be appreciated. ,positive
"Might also be a thing she can use in the debate - ""His team wouldn't even let the microphones be unmuted because they know he's a temperamental whiny child"" or something.",neutral
"Exactly, the outcome of the fight wasn't the point.  She ""wins"" either way.   The point was to have the fight about it publicly.",negative
"Also, it sets her up for a “how can a man whose campaign won’t even trust him with an unmuted microphone be trusted to lead our country” line if she wants it.",positive
"Even if this is true, the voters she needs to convince aren’t paying attention to it. Independents and undecideds decide elections nowadays and they’re not focusing on broad policy. They’re focused on general optics and a “who would I rather have a beer” with demeanor. If every voter was fully invested in the actual policy points of each candidate, there wouldn’t be undecideds and elections could be easily predicted each time based on the voter roll for each state.",positive
"They are presumably within earshot of each other, right?  Would the audio from microphones even be sent to them?  I'm not sure muted mics would make any difference for people on the stage, you could still speak at the other person while they try to talk.",negative
I think it does work better for the prosecutor,positive
Literally just ordered mine,neutral
"I don't think prosecutor skills or demeanor play well here. This isn't a trial, or even a real debate. It's a popularity contest where how the candidates are perceived matters more than what they say. See also the first ""debate"". Kamala is fighting an uphill battle as a women because the public perception of confident, competent women is often that they are pushy and uppity. Meanwhile Trump has been historically praised for any debate performance where he avoided literally shitting his pants on stage. The bar for success for Trump is so low it is underground. Kamala actually has expectations to live up to. It is a stupid double standard, but ignoring it won't make it go away.",negative
"IIRC, Biden team asked for it. In 2020 Trump would at times talk out of turn, making it impossible to speak basically.",neutral
"Strategies change, mi amigo.
 
What works for one doesn't necessarily work for another.
 
Harris will handle it either way - it's not like the orange turd will be able to keep his mouth hole from flapping. She can always goad him into repeating what he'd said while muted.",negative
Trump had been trained on how to force Biden to stutter.,negative
tonight. youtube.,neutral
Stream on YouTube somewhere?,neutral
I don't recall being able to hear Trump talk over Biden during the one previous debate with this mic rule.,neutral
"The cameras will pan to her and try to portray her as being childish. The bar is much higher for her. It’s unfortunate, but that is how it will be. ",negative
Her debate prep has been 80% ventriloquism lessons /s,neutral
"I'm hoping for a repeat of the Fox News line ""He's still talking, by the way"".",positive
"Music starts, lights go crazy. Kamala says, ""My god, is that Joe Biden's music?"". Everything suddenly returns to normal. ""No, Donald, you still have to debate me.""",negative
i hope he reprises his every-popular charles manson impressions.,positive
“How can we trust him to keep our nation’s secrets when his team can’t trust him to speak freely?”,positive
He can’t talk over her now,neutral
"While this is true, the prosecutor background still comes into play. 

I imagine part of her strategy will be to just let him run his mouth and incriminate himself.  ",positive
"Thanks. Many people keep fantasizing about the questions Kamala will ask him. She doesn't get to ask him questions in this format.


I still think she will do well, but it won't be like a courtroom scene.",neutral
He still spoke out of turn in the Biden-Trump debate and it hurt Biden's performance.  Trump's rambling had Biden struggling more to complete his sentences because he had someone else talking over him; but the audience at home couldn't hear Trump so it just made Biden look worse than he really was.,negative
Did Trump try to talk over Biden?  I recall him doing it with Hillary but probably didn’t have muted mics that time.  I hope you are right.,positive
"You didn't hear him, but Biden could hear him.  Trump kept talking while Biden was talking and the distraction made Biden lose his train of thought more than he would have if he weren't being interrupted.  We just couldn't hear it.",negative
"The media: 


Harris rolled her eyes while Trump was speaking about his old friend Hannibal Lecter, showing that she does not care about asylum seekers.",positive
The bar is always set much higher for women and people of color.  She’s both.,neutral
"Onion headlines had Harris preps by debating a kindergarten class all at once, adding a dozen octogenarians to liven it up.",neutral
"No, but part of the game *is* one saying something that almost demands a response from the other side. She should be good at both provoking inappropriate or self-destructive responses, as well as not taking the bait when being provoked. Or simply responding effectively off-the-cuff to whatever lies and misdirections come up.",positive
"Yea, it backfired spectacularly.",neutral
Has that been corroborated by anyone? Seems like something that someone on scene would have brought up.,positive
"It was talked about a little in the news on the night of and the day after the debate, but the headline in every outlet was about how Biden collapsed and looked old and confused.",negative
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
A good lawyer has the answer when they ask the question.,positive
I can't wait to see her take trump down a peg or two,neutral
"I hope, hope, hope.",positive
"Register to vote : https://www.usa.gov/register-to-vote

•	⁠Check your registration here as well. Some states have purged voter rolls and you may need to register again. •	⁠Some states require you to register 30 days before the election you wish to vote in. •	⁠If you have questions check with your local election officials.

For fun: see if there is ongoing litigation surrounding your states election laws that cause the problems above.  All swing states, and many others- are currently being litigated to address the disenfranchisement of voters.

https://www.democracydocket.com/cases/

For extra fun: Project 2025: https://static.project2025.org/2025_MandateForLeadership_FULL.pdf

For a pointed analysis of Project 2025: https://kamalaharris.com/project2025/

I hope you take time to read project 2025. It has a table of contents so you can see what matters to you


For an independent analysis of trumps first term economic policy: https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-tax/the-2017-trump-tax-law-was-skewed-to-the-rich-expensive-and-failed-to-deliver",positive
I am skeptical she will do that tonight. (Vice President Harris: Please prove me wrong.),negative
"Not to be, ""that guy"", but wouldn't her 2020 primary campaign say otherwise?

I hope she does well, sure, but I can't recall a time where she disarmed a political opponent.",positive
"That article reads like a far left Reddit comment but I guess you guys just spew the crap you’re fed. Both sides do. 

This will be an interesting night for sure though. This is a big thing for the undecided voters. The loyalist will just praise their supreme leader either way.",positive
"Except, she is not asking questions; she is answering them.",neutral
I can't wait to see her take him down to the fucking *floor*.,neutral
How you feeling?,positive
"Too bad, you ARE that guy. She was up against a lot of people. I’m okay with her saying, “ you know what, another day.” There’s no shame in knowing when to step back.",neutral
"Claiming you're above everyone because ""both sides"" in an election with clear delineated futures, normalcy in government and a continuation of our very precarious democracy, or genuine unabashed Christian nationalism and a violent racist state, reeks of narcissism. Both sides doesn't work anymore.",negative
Bless your baby heart.,positive
Vote blue no matter how bad it gets,negative
"I don’t think I’m better then anyone for thinking differently at all but how is it that it’s acceptable to dislike one party but someone can’t dislike both parties? One policy voters make up a huge majority of voters so if you think everyone on the left agrees with everything you agree with you are mistaken. 

All sides spew the same hate in different colors. Why do you think we are all so torn apart.",neutral
"Both parties together represent all Americans because these ""both sides"" are the very same sides the American people choose for whom to vote. So, either you think all Americans are shite or your bothsiderism is wrong.",negative
"Both parties together represent all the Americans huh? Third parties don’t don’t count as Americans? 

 I was talking about both sides in relating to the article but it seems like you think there are only 2 sides in general. There’s more then 2 party’s and all those parties represent the American people, not just your side and the one your against. 

I genuinely don’t mean to be offensive but are you in America? The way you use your words seems like an outsiders perspective.",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"It's weird how some climate activist orgs have been so critical of the Biden administration, when it's been so good on climate issues.",neutral
"Creating jobs,  helping clean the environment, aiding the lower and middle classes, and communities. 

This is how a competent and knowledgeable administration is run.

Make sure you vote in November for more positive announcements like this for four or even eight more years, at the very least!",positive
Rural people asking what Dems would do for them... Here's some of it. As a bonus clean energy protects the rural environment they love.,positive
Hope she'll be given a chance to mention this tonight!,positive
">*16 Selected Rural Electric Cooperatives for New ERA Program, Including First Award to Dairyland that will Result in Lower Energy Costs and Good-Paying Jobs for Rural Americans*

>Sept. 5, 2024 – During a visit to Wisconsin today, President Joe Biden and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Secretary Tom Vilsack will announce more than $7.3 billion in financing for rural electric cooperatives to build clean energy for rural communities across the country through the Empowering Rural America (New ERA) program. Together, New ERA and other investments in rural clean energy in the President’s Inflation Reduction Act make up the largest investment in rural electrification since President Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed the Rural Electrification Act into law in 1936 as part of the New Deal.

>Collectively, the 16 selections announced today – funded by President Biden’s Investing in America agenda – will leverage private investments of more than $29 billion to build more than 10 gigawatts of clean energy for rural communities across the country. The selectees announced today will reduce and avoid at least 43.7 million tons of greenhouse gases annually, equivalent to removing more than 10 million cars off the road every year.  
...  
These projects will create good-paying jobs, lower energy costs for rural communities, significantly reduce pollution, enhance the resiliency of the nation’s electric grid, and advance the Biden-Harris Administration’s Justice40 Initiative. The 16 selectees will use New ERA funds to:

>* Deliver cleaner, more affordable and more resilient electricity to approximately 5 million households across 23 states, representing 20% of the nation’s rural households, farms, businesses and schools. The states served by this set of selectees include Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, New Jersey, New Mexico, Nevada, North Dakota, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Texas, Wisconsin and Wyoming.
* Support more than 4,500 permanent jobs and 16,000 construction jobs.
* Reduce pollution by 2.9 billion tons over the lifetime of the projects, or more than 43.7 million tons of greenhouse gases annually, equivalent to removing more than 10 million gasoline-powered cars off the road.
* Build or purchase over 10 gigawatts of clean energy – including 3,723 megawatts of wind, 4,733 megawatts of solar, 804 megawatts of nuclear and 357 megawatts of hydropower – and make enabling investments in transmission, substation upgrades, and distributed energy resource management software, lowering energy costs for rural Americans and enhancing grid resiliency, all of which will help meet growing electricity demand and power President Biden’s manufacturing renaissance.
* Build 1,892 megawatt hours of battery storage, which increases grid reliability and significantly reduces outage times for local customers.

>...
  

List of recipient for this latest round of funding is in the press release, more information can be found in a link about half-way through. Statement from Secretary Vilsack:

>“Under the Biden-Harris Administration, we are supporting a more prosperous future for rural communities by speeding up the transition to clean energy while at the same time keeping monthly bills low and investing in the American workforce with new jobs and apprenticeships,” said Secretary Vilsack. “One in five rural Americans will benefit from these clean energy investments, thanks to partnerships with rural electric cooperatives like Dairyland. Put simply, this is rural power, for rural America.”",positive
"And how this will be bad for Kamala Harris…

-The Washington post probably",negative
"Register to vote : https://www.usa.gov/register-to-vote

•	⁠Check your registration here as well. Some states have purged voter rolls and you may need to register again. •	⁠Some states require you to register 30 days before the election you wish to vote in. •	⁠If you have questions check with your local election officials.

For fun: see if there is ongoing litigation surrounding your states election laws that cause the problems above.  All swing states, and many others- are currently being litigated to address the disenfranchisement of voters.

https://www.democracydocket.com/cases/

For extra fun: Project 2025: https://static.project2025.org/2025_MandateForLeadership_FULL.pdf

For a pointed analysis of Project 2025: https://kamalaharris.com/project2025/

I hope you take time to read project 2025. It has a table of contents so you can see what matters to you


For an independent analysis of trumps first term economic policy: https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-tax/the-2017-trump-tax-law-was-skewed-to-the-rich-expensive-and-failed-to-deliver",positive
Radicals of any stripe are never satisfied.,negative
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"Functioning government does good things! 

Vote Kamala Harris if you want this kind of thing to continue.",positive
">The U.S. Department of Education (Department) today announced more than $28 million in new awards in the Teacher Quality Partnership (TQP) program to recruit, prepare, develop, and retain a strong, effective, and diverse educator workforce for classrooms across the country.

>The Department also released new data showing the breakdown of borrowers approved for Public Service Loan Forgiveness (PSLF) in every state. The data showcase how every state has borrowers, including educators, that are part of the $69.2 billion for nearly 947,000 borrowers that have seen relief through this program. By contrast, at the start of this Administration only 7,000 had been approved for PSLF.  
...  
This announcement comes as Secretary Cardona is embarking on his 2024 Back to School Bus Tour with stops in Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, and Pennsylvania. This year’s theme, ""Fighting for Public Education,"" highlights how school communities are using the Biden-Harris Administration’s historic investments in public education to implement evidence-based, promising, and innovative strategies and accelerate academic success and support students of all ages and backgrounds. The 2024 Bus Tour is celebrating public education as the American system that opened the door for so many of our nation’s success stories: from astronauts to astrophysicists, writers to engineers, musicians to mathematicians, innovative entrepreneurs in the private sector to great leaders in the public sector.

Regarding the grants:

>**Teacher Quality Partnership (TQP) grants**

>To support efforts to recruit, prepare, develop, and retain a strong educator workforce, the Department is awarding $28 million in 18 new TQP grants. The TQP program funds teacher preparation programs in high-need communities at colleges and universities for the undergraduate, “fifth-year” level, and for teaching residency programs for individuals new to teaching with strong academic and professional backgrounds. The central feature of all TQP grantees is a strong partnership between the teacher preparation program and the school districts they serve, which is often facilitated by mentor teachers that coach and prepare incoming educators. In addition, numerous awardees responded to an invitational priority, focused on the establishment of Grow Your Own (GYO) and registered apprenticeship programs for teachers. These programs encourage members of the community – from high school students to paraprofessionals and other career changers - to pursue teaching careers while also enhancing educator diversity, reflecting the Department’s interest in learning from applicants proposing GYO projects.

>The Biden-Harris Administration has increased annual funding for this program by 34 percent, or nearly $18 million per year. At the same time, the Department has worked with States and the U.S. Department of Labor to grow the number that have approved registered apprenticeship programs for teachers, from 0 in 2021 to 38 States, D.C., and Puerto Rico today, and, in total, hundreds of millions in Department funds have been invested in Grow Your Own programs.

Regarding the PSLF:

>**State-by-State PSLF**

>The new PSLF data shows the breakdown of borrowers approved for PSLF by state following additional PSLF discharges announced in July 2024. The approvals contained in the data are representative of the Administration’s unceasing efforts to fix the broken student loan system and restore the promise of forgiveness programs. The Administration has helped fix longstanding problems with PSLF through the limited PSLF waiver, while the payment count adjustment has also ensured that borrowers get accurate counts of progress toward forgiveness. Additionally, Congressional districts across the country have been approved for $87 million in relief.  Outside of the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico, the Congressional districts with the largest number of borrowers who have been approved for debt relief are New York’s 20th, Maryland’s 5th, Virginia’s 8th, New York’s 25th, and Florida’s 2nd district.

>In addition to fixes to the PSLF Program, such as the limited PSLF waiver, the Biden-Harris Administration has also implemented long-term improvements to PSLF to make it easier for borrowers to participate in the program. As of July 1, 2024, the PSLF Program is now fully managed by the Department through StudentAid.gov, rather than by a single, specialty loan servicer. That means that, for the first time, borrowers can manage all aspects of their PSLF journey on StudentAid.gov, including submitting their PSLF form and tracking their progress toward forgiveness. These updates will simplify the process for borrowers and allow for faster processing of PSLF forms. These improvements have been in the works since day one of the Administration as part of the Department’s efforts to overhaul loan servicing and implement significant improvements to all of its loan forgiveness programs, including PSLF.

Regarding borrower assistance:

>**An unparalleled track record of borrower assistance**

>The Biden-Harris Administration has taken historic steps to reduce the burden of student debt and ensure that student loans are not a barrier to educational and economic opportunity for students and families. The Administration secured a $900 increase to the maximum Pell Grant—the largest increase in a decade —and finalized new rules to help protect borrowers from career programs that leave graduates with unaffordable debts or insufficient earnings. The Administration continues its work to issue debt relief regulations under the Higher Education Act, with regulations expected this fall.

>In addition to the relief under PSLF, the Biden-Harris Administration has also approved: 

>* $51 billion for more than 1 million borrowers through administrative adjustments to income-driven repayment payment counts. These adjustments have brought borrowers closer to forgiveness and addressed longstanding concerns with the misuse of forbearance by loan servicers.
* $28.7 billion for more than 1.6 million borrowers who were cheated by their schools, saw their institutions precipitously close, or are covered by related court settlements. 
* $16.2 billion for more than 571,000 borrowers with a total and permanent disability. 
* $5.5 billion for 414,000 borrowers through the SAVE Plan.     

List of recipients for this latest round of funding is in the press release. Statement from U.S. Secretary of Education Miguel Cardona:

>“Nothing matters more in public education than making sure every child has access to great teachers, and that means well-prepared, well-supported, well-compensated, and fully empowered teachers,” said U.S. Secretary of Education Miguel Cardona. “Today’s announcement is the result of the Biden-Harris Administration’s commitment to making record investments in teacher residency programs, Grow-Your-Own programs, teacher apprenticeship and other comprehensive, high-quality, locally-driven, evidence-based educator preparation initiatives. If we want to Raise the Bar for our students and create an educator workforce that reflects the beautiful diversity of this country, we must expand and support new pathways into the teaching profession.”",positive
At this point I just want teachers paid enough so they’re not burn out.,positive
"I mean, would it just make sense to pay them more money and improve their working conditions? It's not a shortage of teachers it's a shortage of ""willing teachers"".",positive
We need more teachers period. Diversity isn't the primary issue here.,neutral
"Just remember kids, diversity does not include Palestinians.",neutral
"Increasing teacher pay will largely depend on each state, however the Biden-Harris Admin has been trying not only in finding ways to incentivize states to boost teacher pay:

May 2, 2024 - [FACT SHEET: Biden-⁠Harris Administration Announces New Actions to Support and Strengthen the Teaching Profession](https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefing-room/statements-releases/2024/05/02/fact-sheet-biden-%E2%81%A0harris-administration-announces-new-actions-to-support-and-strengthen-the-teaching-profession/)

>* **Encouraging states to increase teacher pay,** with 30 states and the District of Columbia taking action to raise teacher pay. To support COVID-19 recovery, the Administration secured $130 billion for the largest-ever investment in public education in history through the American Rescue Plan provided to more than 15,000 school districts and secured nearly $2 billion in additional Title I funding to date; both funding streams can be used to support teacher salaries in our most underserved schools. These funds can also be used to support high-quality teacher pipeline programs and hire more professionals across the education workforce.

But do what they can directly as well:

August 16, 2024 - [HHS Strengthens Head Start by Requiring Higher Wages for Staff](https://www.hhs.gov/about/news/2024/08/16/hhs-strengthens-head-start-requiring-higher-wages-staff.html)

>Today, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), through the Administration for Children and Families (ACF), announced a new final rule to strengthen Head Start’s ability to recruit and retain qualified staff, improve teacher wages and benefits, and provide consistent quality programming for the children and families they serve. The new rule, titled Supporting the Head Start Workforce and Consistent Quality Programming, will result in a raise for most Head Start teacher annual wages of about $10,000. For nearly 60 years, Head Start has provided high-quality early childhood education to children furthest from opportunity. This rule builds upon the Biden-Harris Administration’s strong commitment to expanding early childhood programs and creates a path for the Administration and Congress to build the investment in Head Start, continuing the program’s longstanding commitment to provide quality services to children and families.",positive
"While it's true we need more teachers in general, diversity has a major contributing factor in education. Right now there is a critical lack of male representation in education, and as Marian University points out, diversity has numerous benefits for young students:

[Male Teachers Play an Important Role in the Future of Education](https://www.marianuniversity.edu/news/importance-of-male-teachers-future-of-education/)

>Sometimes, the mere presence of men in the classroom can help students. According to studies cited by the Australian Association for Research in Education (AARE), having male and female teachers contributes to children’s gender knowledge. Having men in the classroom is particularly important as they allow students “to observe men who are non-violent and whose interactions with women are positive.”

>Other advantages of male teachers in the classroom, according to the AARE, include the following.

>* Having both male and female teachers gives students the chance to learn from others they perceive as similar. This can foster a sense of belonging and reduce instances of disruptive behavior.
* Some students will see teachers as role models to better understand how to interact with adults who are different from themselves positively.
* A diverse workforce “can enhance decision-making processes and drive positive outcomes,” according to AARE, because people from different backgrounds see challenges in different ways. A diverse workforce also can improve job satisfaction.
* AARE also writes that the “presence of male teachers may help promote alternative, non-violent, and gender-equitable versions of masculinity,” adding that men who work as teachers “can help to break down the polarized differences that foster gender inequalities.”

>The research suggests that both male and female teachers contribute to a well-rounded education and a child’s social-emotional development. A number of factors contribute to the dearth of male teachers, especially at the grade-school level. “A big one,” says Ethan Zagore in a USA Today article, “is that many people just fundamentally — consciously or subconsciously — believe the role of an elementary teacher is better suited for women.”

Similarly the University of North Carolina found that exposure to a Black teacher had a massive impact on Black male students in the long run:

[Edge: The power of a Black teacher | It takes just one to make a difference for Black students; directions for research, policy](https://ed.unc.edu/2020/09/08/the-power-of-a-black-teacher/)

>They found that having a Black teacher for one year in elementary school raised long-run educational attainment for Black male students, especially for those from low-income households. For the most disadvantaged Black males, Lindsay and the team estimated that exposure to a Black teacher in elementary school reduced high school dropout rates by 39% and raised college-going aspirations.

Diversity has an impact *and* plays a role in education. At a time when [boys and men are falling behind girls and women in education](https://www.brookings.edu/articles/boys-left-behind-education-gender-gaps-across-the-us/), these actions can become critically important.",positive
"Nice, thank you. I like your posts.",positive
I don't disagree. I was just placing them in order of priority.,positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"I hope she attacks his record and makes her case but completely ignores 90% of his rants.  All she needs to say is ""there he goes lying/  talking crazy again"" and then just gives her plans for the future.",negative
">MSNBC’s Ari Melber reports on Kamala Harris’ prosecutorial record and the “Harris effect” surging among voters.

To be forewarned is to be forearmed, as they say, so let it be known that this is yet another video link.",neutral
"I'm really looking forward to Harris's performance tonight too... but what is shocking about any of this?  How is this a ""shocker""?  There is also nothing in this segment that shows MAGA is in a ""panic"".",negative
"Did they think she wouldn't?  Kamala is badass, she isn'y intimidated by his nonsense, and she is going to rock it.",negative
"Man, I’m so tired of these headlines.  Every single day it’s “Kamala surges” or “Trump gets good polling news” or “Kamala pulls ahead in national poll” or “Trump has edge in swing state.”

It’s close.  That’s not likely to change between now and November.  But the news media is milking the close nature of the race to keep us clicking.  

All I’m saying is to keep an eye on your mental health, folks.  Unplug if you need to.  And whatever else you do, don’t forget to vote.",negative
The gloves are coming off tonight,neutral
"The data don’t show Harris surging. They don’t even show her to be clearly ahead. MAGA is not panicked. Look, I want that to be true too. I promise you I can’t stand Donald Trump. I feel like I have to point that out because any statement along the lines of “this election is not a guaranteed win” always draws assumptions that I must be for Trump. I have seen this script so many times. We were going to win in 2000. Didn’t. We were going to win in 2004. Didn’t. Hillary will be the first female president! Wasn’t. Biden is up by 7 nationally and close in Texas. Three days of counting and he wins by extremely narrow margins in the swing states. Do you realize that if Harris says one stupid thing in the first 5 minutes of the debate tonight, we will lose this election? That is the reality.",positive
They need the Trump “Sane Translater” like the Obama “Anger Translator.” SNL - where are you?,positive
"I got a feeling, woo-hoo, that tonight’s gonna be a good night.",positive
"Doesn't matter, go vote!",negative
It might be kinda long odds (8-1) but I’ve got 20 on him saying the hard R tonight.,negative
Funny - I read an article that Nate Silver stated Trump has overtaken Harris in the polls and that he would win BIGLY a few hours ago,positive
No but it’s okay — David Muir said they’re in a dead tie last night. It’s really anyone’s race. /s,negative
"Trump: ""Well if she's a prosecutor, then I'm anti-secutur. I'm the most anti secuitur that's ever been. In fact, you could say I'm a total non sequitur!""",negative
"Yep, and Trump is only concerned with creative insults versus actual ways to help America",positive
"Sure, she had some bad policies while in California. But did trump really have better ones? Or any??",positive
Panic?????? lol good one.,positive
"MAGA is not panicking… yet. Nate Silver has Trump winning 65% to 35% in his electoral projection. 

Kamala’s chance to win is tonight, and unfortunately she has to wipe the floor not just eek out a victory due to the insane media bias of ignoring Trumps mental decline and lack of any policy substance.",negative
Is she “surging”? I thought she’d basically hit her ceiling and Trump has gained back some ground?,positive
The last time Harris's prosecutorial record came up in a debate it didn't end well for Harris.,negative
[removed],neutral
"I think it would be so great if Harris responds to Trump during the debate by just saying ""Weird.""",positive
"Slap him with the “I really don’t know what he said, I don’t think he knows either.” Let him devolve into the racist monster he really is",negative
Tonight I plan to drink every time Trump lies on the debate stage. Tomorrow I plan to check into rehab.,negative
She should throw the “weird” word in there. But ignore his rants? No more. Didn’t work for Hillary. Time to call him out on his actions and reactions.,negative
Thank goddamn you’re not her then. Throwing third grade insults at Trump isn’t going to do anything productive.,negative
What would those plans be? And why would she not stick with what she’s been doing all along?,neutral
"""Looks like Grampa is up past his bed time again.""",positive
Well it's MSNBC so usually is.,positive
They know Kamala is skilled at countering bullshit and completely expect to be called out for it. I have bitch-slap the bully on my bingo card.,negative
clicks,neutral
"All the MAGA that I know are excited to see Harris front and center, without a handler to moderate. 

Of course the moderators will likely help her along; but it’s not going to be enough to keep her from showing her true colors. 

Can’t wait!",positive
"I’m in the UK, so I have less horses in this race than you will given it’s your country, but I fucking pray I wake up tomorrow morning (the debates 2am BST) to news that she annihilated Trump. Waking up to the ‘results’ of the last one with Biden was sobering. 

Every faith in her to nail this but I also have every faith in Trump to make it a spectacle more than a debate and attempt to derail at every opportunity, knowing the press will eat that up and use it to mask whatever victory Harris might take from the debate.",positive
"Anytime this is pointed out in this subreddit, it's downvoted. Idk why we're sticking our heads in the sand.  She's basically tied in the polls, meaning she loses the electoral college. Nate Silver has her odds of winning electoral college at 35% and Trump at 64%. Unfortunately we're not a direct democracy yet and some people's votes count for more than others. I hope she starts surging bc without it, this election is gonna be way too close.",positive
Wasn't this a Key and Peele sketch?,neutral
"Jesus Christ, please stop it. Unless you can tell me what states are currently open for early voting, comments like these are so useless. Pretty sure everyone here is going to vote and we’d be much better off volunteering, writing postcards, saying the same to your undecided friends and family, etc etc. Stop it with the slacktivism. Vote when it’s time. Until then, there’s much more you can be doing.",positive
"I'll be good with a ""you people""",positive
"Copy from above:

You do know that Nate Silver is now working for Polymarket, a company founded by Thiel that earns money if people bet on the wrong candidate?

And that his new model prefers right-wing junior pollsters above established ones?

He might once have been reliable, but isn't anymore.",negative
"You do know that Nate Silver is now working for Polymarket, a company founded by Thiel that earns money if people bet on the wrong candidate?

And that his new model prefers right-wing junior  pollsters above established ones?

He might once have been reliable, but isn't anymore.",negative
Nate Silver. LOL,positive
"Allan Lichtman predicted a Harris win already and he has a 90% accuracy in predicting elections. Nate Silver’s predictive ability has also tarnished a lot (if it was ever even there).

Moreover, debates win/losses have no predictive power for who wins elections. Elections are won on the ground, not the debate stage. I’m not concerned about the debate either way.",positive
Either would be better than Trump pretending to know or care about the poor and middle class,positive
"Just mouth ""weirdo"" during one is his rants lol",negative
Brave of you to think you'll survive the night.,positive
Permission to treat the witness as hostile…,positive
I just worry that doing so will just let Trump control the entire debate.  Biden spent so much of his debate just reacting to what Trump said and it fell apart.,negative
"I think there's value in calling out expectation of professionalism and its complete lack thereof from Trump.  For example, he's asked a question and instead of providing an answer he rambles off 12 random things, most attacks on Kamala/Biden/Democrats/whatever.  Well, she can sit there quietly and count them up and provide a simple response like ""Amazing.  You brought up 12 topics in just 2 minutes, managed to say nothing of value on any of them, and still didn't answer the original question despite such diversity.  Let me help you answer the question.  You did/didn't do (topic of question), and I can see why you wanted to avoid answering.  However, I'm glad I could help clarify to the audience what you missed.""",positive
It will set him off and he'll make mistakes. Trump loves to dish out but can't take even a small taste of his own medicine.,positive
"Exactly. Not during the debate. A more impactful way for her to use weird would be in an interview following the debate, saying something like ""It was so weird. He'd start to answer the question and then would just start talking about nothing related to the question at all."" And then give an example, and finish off with ""But they've had their convention, he is their nominee... however, I just think he's really unwell. When we win, I really hope he takes the opportunity to get the help he needs."" 

That's how I'd do it anyway (even though I don't care about him getting help, he can rot in prison forever as a loony tune for all I give a shit about that dude.)",positive
"To be fair, you have as much say in our elections as most of us do in our country. Only like 5 States out of 50 have any say in who wins. The vast majority of us just watch in horror.",positive
"As a Canadian I feel similarly. One of the regular attacks on Harris is she isn't a great orator and doesn't say a lot of substance - I hope she practiced a lot for this and comes in with a strategy.


That thr polls aren't showing a complete stomp is already scary enough - a bad debate showing is going to be very panic inducing.


Hopefully come November we see a repeat of the poll disconnect that has been the case for the midterm and bielections since 2020. Would love a blue ocean so Dems have the power to fix a lot of the things that were obviously not sageguarded well enough / rely on tradition, decorum, and good faith ",negative
"Democrats are always confusing what should be happening with what is really happening. We should be far ahead, but we aren’t. People should be tired of Trump but they aren’t. People should know that installing a wannabe dictator because think maybe he can get gas prices down by 20 cents is bad idea. They don’t. The popular vote should matter in some way. It doesn’t .",negative
Probably. Yes.,positive
Go vote!,neutral
What polls is he putting above established ones?,neutral
How does the middle class benefit from open borders?,positive
Without breaking eye contact,neutral
If that doesn’t become a meme the debate was worthless.,negative
"When he stops talking, she can double take him, look at the camera and just say ""Well, that was weird.""",negative
Shit water'd kill you at that rate.,negative
"Harris is court trained. She won't need to spend time unpicking bullshit, she'll take one thread and pull it to unravel it all. 

Trick will be to lead Trump by the nose. Smack down his confidence from the start.",negative
"I mean that’s much better and I hope she does that. Given the amount of time she has though, it’s much easier to simply answer the question given to her and then go on the defensive within that time if he happens to go first. Trying to remember each thing he says is a losing strategy given the amount of things he says for one question is often excessive and deflected in nature. But that’s  part of being a politician.",positive
This,neutral
Going down to his level is probably the worst thing she could do at this moment considering every move she makes is criticize regardless of what Trump does or says. You’re speaking in bad faith if you think spitting out a Reddit insult is the best move for her to make on her first serious debate with him.,negative
Yeah that would be a far more effective in an interview then an official debate,positive
Kamala does her homework. I’m sure she’s been prepping for this since they announced she’d be the candidate.,positive
"E.g., Wick, Trafalgar, Redfield, Rasmussen or Insider.",neutral
"Doesn't Trump support open borders considering he's the one he told the Republicans to oppose the border bill which these very same Republicans were working together with the Democrats on? Also, speaking of the middle class how exactly are Trump's planned tariffs going to help the middle class when the only thing they would achieve is literally just raising prices for the American citizens?",positive
Do the cookoo finger twirl when he gets rambling.,neutral
"Unfortunately Trump is able to create zingers on the spot, and I think she'll try to take the high ground or get narky very quickly. The debate is not a debate, it's a match of wits and one liners. I'm not sure Harris has what it takes and she'll struggle. I'd love to be proved wrong but I have a bad feeling trump will conjure up one awkward question from out of nowhere leaving her completely flapping. It's the one thing he can do painfully well - leave someone pent up and feeling useless due to his barrage.

Biden only 'won' in 2020 when he was lucky enough to have trump just babbling and come up with a hilarious reaction. No one remembers what the actual discussion was about. No one remembers anything other than Reagan saying the quote about the experience versus young age switcheroo.

She needs to think like that annoying kid at the back of the class who's smart enough to piss off the teacher but also smart enough not to piss off their fellow ""classmates"" ie the audience. And she's too much of a grown up to take that low road.

She just has to do something memeable that isn't cringe. Basically everything Hillary didn't do. And she definitely needs to not laugh constantly and I have a feeling she's going to do that and end up looking both nervous and patronising. I'd love if she came across as deadpan, giving pauses before stating casually ""did anyone else hear him tell the truth once there because I sure as hell didn't"" whilst somehow making the comment seem spontaneous instead of carefully planned.

Walz would be better because everything I've just described is pretty much what it feels like being up against a rowdy group of teenagers. Be smart, cutting, witty, brash, and yet somehow also be the adult. It's hard as hell.",positive
Courtrooms don't have muted mics,neutral
"“Will you shut up man” is probably what helped Biden greatly when they debated back in 2020. Decorum is long gone, many voters buy into the spectacle. ",neutral
You're pretty quick to jump to conclusions. I didn't say that it was her best move. It should be part of her overall strategy. Sometimes you have to show that you can play their game better than they can.,positive
"She won't have to.  She just needs to bring facts to the stage, and she will.",neutral
"That’s a nice talking point. If only it were based on fact. Dems killed a good bill and the Senate came up with a shit bill right before the election. Said shit bill which they refused to have meetings with the Republicans to collaborate on.

The Democrat bill was smoke and mirrors, but it served to con liberals into believing that Trump is so powerful that he can control government from afar. Even if he would have pulled that off, it would be because it was a shit bill and would codify the inhumane practices that Democrats are utilizing to continue the Great Replacement.

I’ll happily pay higher prices for junk from China, if it means that I can pay lower prices for American made products and a stop to the inflation insanity of this administration.

Anyone with eyes can see that Harris either can’t do math or has a vendetta against the American economy.

No worries, though. This will all be over very soon. Maybe even tonight. 😃",positive
">Walz would be better because everything I've just described is pretty much what it feels like being up against a rowdy group of teenagers. 

I like Walz well enough, but I disagree on him being better. Watching clips of Kamala interrogating Kavanaugh and Barr during senate committee hearings makes me feel pretty confident about her ability to deal with bozos like Trump (and I'm sure she's dealt with all sorts of characters during her time as a prosecutor).",positive
But they do have judges enforcing order and making sure everyone takes their turn speaking.,positive
"That was funny but if people are voting off a single statement, then truthfully what’s even the point lol. Biden was also coherent and well spoken then. Trump sounds exactly the same, albeit I would say he’s not as zealous as he used to be but just as aggressive. The expectations on Harris shoulders are unbelievably high and having a one liner won’t move the votes needed.",positive
"I get your point, but do you honestly think that using Trump debate tactics is actually going to change anything? I would expect most people would want to separate themselves from their opponents. Sure it may feel good in the moment, but saying Reddit catchphrases is odd in reality.",positive
"The point is to put it on display. The point is to make him melt down so publicly that apathetic voters reconsider participating, and trumpists stay home in embarrassment. 

He is neither articulate, witty or clever. When's the last time he even had something not Biden-related that made anyone have any reaction besides ""ewww wtf?"" Same evil, but the packaging has been sitting under the limelight for too long, and the shit filling is leaking out for all to see.",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"Honestly if it does turn out to be close, that's a really poor reflection on America.  One party is actively looking to end elections and their candidate has openly stated that he intends to be a dictator.  That's not a difference of opinion or a different perspective, that is the end of the USA as we know it.

And it's close?  So a huge number of American citizens do not want America to exist any more?  They want to be in some dictatorship-run hell-hole?

We shouldn't even be at this point.  We are debating between an orderly government, or complete destruction.  How is this a debate for any voter?",positive
I don’t think it’s going to be as close as the mainstream media would like to have us believe. A runaway doesn’t make for drama and higher ratings.,positive
"What Trump gave us, at the end of his term:

* 6.7% unemployment (this is now 4.2%)

* $3.1 trillion dollar deficit (this is down to $1.7 trillion in 2023)

* Inflation was on the rise (inflation for the last 2 years has been decreasing and we are now under 2.9%)

* Supply chain was completely fucked as a result of mismanagement by Trump

* 3,300 COVID-19 deaths per day (this is now 71 per day)",negative
"Honestly I seriously don't understand how it could be this close

Who in their right mind can look at all of trump's wrong doings and think he would be a good to run the country again",positive
I can’t believe it’s close. Imagine voting for a felon,neutral
"A gauge of economic misery that has a strong track record of predicting elections is tilting toward a Kamala Harris victory — but it appears tight entering the race’s final stretch.

The [“misery index”](https://www.cnbc.com/2011/06/17/how-miserable-index-says-the-worst-in-28-years.html) is the addition of the unemployment rate to the annualized inflation rate in the U.S. It has correctly predicted 15 of the past 16 races for the White House, including every presidential matchup since 1980, according to an analysis by research firm Strategas.

This index now sits at 7.02, below the level that Strategas has found would be consistent with the incumbent party losing the election. That number accounts for the [modest decline of the jobless rate](https://www.cnbc.com/2024/09/06/jobs-report-august-2024.html) for August to 4.2%, as seen in Friday’s jobs report.

Below a 7.353 level is needed in October for the incumbent party — in this case, the Harris-led Democrats — to come out on top, according to Strategas. The firm found this level through exclusive analysis of where the misery index would need to sit for the party currently in office to retain power, based on history.

In other words, a reading below that threshold essentially means voters are not “miserable” enough when it comes to the economy to boot the sitting party.

More: [https://www.cnbc.com/2024/09/10/misery-index-looks-good-for-kamala-harris-in-presidential-race.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2024/09/10/misery-index-looks-good-for-kamala-harris-in-presidential-race.html)",positive
"Register to vote : https://www.usa.gov/register-to-vote

•	⁠Check your registration here as well. Some states have purged voter rolls and you may need to register again. •	⁠Some states require you to register 30 days before the election you wish to vote in. •	⁠If you have questions check with your local election officials.

For fun: see if there is ongoing litigation surrounding your states election laws that cause the problems above.  All swing states, and many others- are currently being litigated to address the disenfranchisement of voters.

https://www.democracydocket.com/cases/

For extra fun: Project 2025: https://static.project2025.org/2025_MandateForLeadership_FULL.pdf

For a pointed analysis of Project 2025: https://kamalaharris.com/project2025/

I hope you take time to read project 2025. It has a table of contents so you can see what matters to you


For an independent analysis of trumps first term economic policy: https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-tax/the-2017-trump-tax-law-was-skewed-to-the-rich-expensive-and-failed-to-deliver",positive
I just ask the cats or sacrifice a turkey when I want to know,positive
"We are set to get rate cuts next week. I wonder how people will feel about the economy after that. Also, there are ten states who have gas price averages under $3. That number will probably grow the closer to November we get.",negative
What are the rules for the next Debate? Is there a chance for a Hot Mic on that one?,positive
I am confused by this.  They say it predicts the winner and the magic line is 7.35 with saying the incumbent party wins when below the line (so high is bad).  Yet per the chart they post in the article that is far from true.  In fact the opposite seems to be true most of the time.,positive
"The majority of white women voted for Trump in 2016 AND 2020. 2024 will be no different.

The question is,, are there enough minorities in America for Kamala Harris to secure a win this November? It remains to be seen.",positive
"> So a huge number of American citizens do not want America to exist any more? They want to be in some dictatorship-run hell-hole?

I think it's more like ""A huge number of American citizens are *fucking morons* who don't realize that they are voting to end democracy, because they are *fucking morons*.""",positive
"A huge number of Americans don't believe that Trump is a threat.  They'll say that 2016 to 2020 wasn't the end of America so how could 2024 to 2028 possibly go wrong?  

If you tell them that Trump will ban abortion nationwide.  They don't believe it.  Why not?  Vibes.

If you tell them Project 2025 will be implemented.  They don't believe it.  Why not? Again, vibes. 

Suppose you point them to economic data that shows the US doing better than our similarly situated peers.  They don't believe it.  Why not? Vibes. 

Suppose you tell them that border encounters are down and show them data reflecting the fact that immigrants commit crimes at lower rates.  They don't believe it.  Why not? Vibes. 

I support democracy for one reason and one reason only.  It is better than the alternatives.  But the fact that We the People (by and large) make electoral decisions based primarily on vibes is a serious problem in 2024.",negative
Trump won his nomination through an election...can Kamala say the same?,positive
"Let’s keep telling ourselves it’s not actually close and rationalizing why the warning signs can remain unheeded, that’s the winning strategy.",positive
"Nate Silver is saying the same thing, it's almost a tie nationally which leads to an electoral college win for R. The huge lead for Harris were bumps from her announcement, Walz announcement, and the DNC and all those were temporary and sliding.

538 is giving Kamala a 55% chance to win, but it gave Hillary a 67% chance back in that election.

And politico is always mentioning that Trump specifically outperforms polling data.",positive
"I really hope you're right. I tend to believe this as well, but then again I thought I'd wake up to President Elect Hillary Clinton in 2016.",positive
Explain the appeal of a Tyson fight.,negative
">3,300 COVID-19 deaths per day (this is now 71 per day)

And this is even with the rabid anti-vaxxers on the right that have come along since Covid. Most of those deaths are of his own voters but he doesn't care.",negative
Yeah that’s great but a bunch of people think the former game show host who did all that can make a can of beans $0.99 again through pumping more oil from under ground.,positive
"Thank you. I don't understand why the comments aren't discussing the misery index, which has nothing to do with either polls or some people's stupidity.",positive
"For anyone who bothered to look at the chart. Here's what I see...

* Misery index below 7.353 during the entire Trump presidency
* Misery index skyrockets immediately after 2020 election
* Misery index (until recently) remained above 7.353 throughout the Biden/Harris administration.",negative
">The majority of white women voted for Trump in 2016 AND 2020. 2024 will be no different.

Anything important happen in 2022 that might change a woman's opinion?",negative
Or they know they’re voting to end democracy but mistakenly think it will benefit them.,positive
Political parties are essentially private organizations and can choose their candidates as they see fit,positive
"I’m not saying people should assume she will win and not go out and vote, far from it, but at the same time, the big three 24 hour news stations need the ratings. And the advertising dollars.",positive
Democrats outperformed in 2022,neutral
To watch how fast it happens and how much it hurts.,negative
Tyson is the appeal. That's why you called it that.,neutral
 It doesn't really matter what policies are enacted by the right. The majority of white people ALWAYS vote Republican.,negative
All of the above!,neutral
"More this. They want to form the government in their image, which is a fascist dictatorship because they think they will benefit and the undesirables will be dealt with finally. They can return to the good old days of trans not existing, gays being back in the closet, women are back in the kitchen waiting to serve their husbands, and slavery of colored people is acceptable again.",negative
The petit bourgeois in full effect. It's too bad we don't have another country's pre-fascist indicators to learn from..... /s,negative
"Yeah, and this time the Democrats decided to just choose Kamala for you instead of letting voters decide as they normally do. I just dont think it's a great trend",positive
"Polls are an inexact science but they’re the best way to put a finger on the pulse of an election. Aggregates of various polls put Harris a couple points ahead, which is close, not to mention that she must overperform to beat the Electoral College. Narrative and vibes are hugely important in determining if somebody actually commits to casting a vote. I wanna commit to pragmatic diligence for a couple months and hopefully show up to work hung over from partying on November 6th",positive
"It's just close. Life is chaotic and painful.

It was razor close the last two times. Why do you think it isn't dangerously close now? Because it doesn't make sense that people are that selfish, ignorant, horrible, and vote against their own interests? Well they do, religiously.",negative
"I gave a few examples below that refute the claim that uneven races are bad for ratings, but I keep getting downvoted. There’s nothing factually wrong with my examples, so I must conclude that the negative response stems from the implication that the logic extends to the Trump/Harris race. Seems like heads buried in sand to me.",neutral
Explain the appeal of Michael Jordan. Explain the appeal of Tiger Woods. Explain the appeal of Babe Ruth…,neutral
False. Latest survey monkey poll Trump was losing white women by six points.,negative
"That's not exactly fair, there's been huge swings in how many and which ones. College education/not, rural/suburban/urban etc.

It's very possible Trump will do much worse with white women.",negative
"I saw someone say that a lot of people think the country should be run like a “family” where the “dad” just makes decisions “because he said so”.

TONS of people grew up in households like that, and it’s easy to wrap their heads around.  And since it’s all they know, those people think the country needs to be run that way because there’s only one tool in their coping box and it’s “because I said so”

Other people grew up in families that tried to nurture kids to become independent, self sufficient functioning adults that think for themselves and make their own opinions.

The entire red/blue division is pretty much summarized right there",positive
"You can stop with the pseudo intellectualism and just go with pragmatism you know.

There’s no functional difference between a Biden and Harris admin. Almost as if Harris is literally the #2 in the current Biden admin.",negative
"The appeal is during the short span of the match, not in the months before. Media needs to have the months before appealing because the election night alone does not give enough revenue. 

Therefore, they prop up the race to the event instead of the event itself.",negative
Possible but unlikely. They already voted for him twice. There is no reason why they wouldn't vote for him a 3rd time.,negative
"Who gets to make that choice? Say next election they did go through a primary, is it ok for them to swap out the winner for a candidate the party deems ""functionally"" equivalent to the actual winner?

Isn't just letting the party members vote a better system that cuts this needless interpretation out?",positive
">not in the months before.

Clearly you weren’t around in the 80s, or were too young to remember.",positive
"There's a pretty big reason.

And, conservatives or conservative lites are always hating on stuff until it happens to them, and then boy do they come around hard.",negative
"For sure not. But maybe the wrong continent...

However, the months to the events were appealing to the masses and media only until one of the opponents became the clear favorite. 

Then, not the competition, but all the small and large scandals of the opponents were taken up by the media.",negative
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"We would be absolutely fucked if she wasn't. Good news, sure, but Virginia shouldn't be a swing state this year and if it was, Trump would be cruising to victory. ",negative
Let's see if the results of positive polls for Kamala are shared as widely as the negative ones.,positive
"If Harris can't win Virginia, she's kinda fucked.",negative
"The only poll that matters is the one on the official ballot!

**ELECTION DAY IS TUESDAY, NOV 5, 2024**.

If you live in Virginia,

**[Register to vote in VA](https://vote.elections.virginia.gov/Registration/DmvLookup)**

**[Check your VA voter registration status
](https://vote.elections.virginia.gov/VoterInformation/Lookup/status)**

**[Find your VA polling location](https://vote.elections.virginia.gov/VoterInformation/Lookup/polling)**

**[Request a VA absentee ballot](https://vote.elections.virginia.gov/VoterInformation/Lookup/absentee)**

**[Vote411.org](https://www.vote411.org/)** can help you understand your specific ballot. See which groups support and oppose the candidates and measures on your specific ballot. You can even print a cheat sheet to bring with you on voting day.

**2024 VA DEMOCRATIC ELECTION OVERVIEW:**

Virginia has 13 Presidential Electoral votes. In 2024, incumbent Democratic Senator **[Tim Kaine](https://ballotpedia.org/Tim_Kaine)** is running for re-election. There are two competitive US House races in Virginia this year. In VA-2, Democrat **[Missy Cotter Smasal](https://ballotpedia.org/Missy_Cotter_Smasal)** is running to flip the seat from red to blue. In VA-7, Democrat **[Eugene Vindman](https://ballotpedia.org/Eugene_Vindman)** is seeking to fill Democrat Abigail Spanberger’s seat. Spanberger is not running for re-election this year and has declared her candidacy for Governor of Virginia in the 2025 election for that office.

There are no state Legislative seats on the ballot in 2024.

***[-All 2024 VA Elections](https://ballotpedia.org/Virginia_elections,_2024)***

***[-Find all your representatives (Federal, State, and Local)](https://www.commoncause.org/find-your-representative/)***

***[-Learn more about how our government works](https://www.whitehouse.gov/about-the-white-house/our-government/)***",negative
Virginia. Not exactly considered as a swing state.,neutral
"This submission source is likely to have a soft paywall. If this article is not behind a paywall please report this for “breaks r/politics rules -> custom -> ""incorrect flair"""". [More information can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/index/#wiki_paywalls)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",positive
"I’m in Virginia and we voted republican majority out of our house of delegates and democrats were already in charge of senate.

Youngkin can’t run again and a democrat will likely be voted in.

We’re tired of MAGA in Virginia.",negative
VA was a state that Trump was looking at as a stretch goal when Biden was the candidate. He probably wouldn’t have won but it would have been close. Another example of how Kamala shifted the paradigm of the race.,positive
"I believe the Trump campaign is straight up pulling out of Minnesota, Virginia, and New Hampshire

https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/article/2024/sep/05/trump-swing-state-harris

Regardless, we can still aim to maximize the margin of victory in these states in addition to fighting for battleground states; a blue trifecta is a possibility this November 

Considering checking out /r/voteDEM and the pinned posts for volunteer opportunities on getting out the vote, up and down the ballot!",negative
"it looked like it could be for a bit, a recent poll only had her up 3% so this is good news",positive
"The state legislature and governor's offices are constantly moving between parties, no?",positive
Trump was inside the margin of error against Biden if I recall correctly. Thankfully that’s not the case anymore.,neutral
Spanberger gonna win by 30,positive
So done with MAGA we don't even have to hear about the Chesterfield troll doll anymore,neutral
"If the margins for Trump are bad in rural VA, and VA is one of the quickest states to report, then we can expect Dems to have a good night",negative
Ive been less optimistic than I was 2 weeks ago,positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"Yes... A ""mystery"" group.",positive
"I doubt this is the winning message Putin think it is, especially in a Post-Roe world (as much as it hurts me saying that)",negative
"Mystery group, you say?

A RUSSIAN mystery group, perhaps?",neutral
Anyone ever notice that the Republican candidate cheated on all three of his wives? And is a felon? And a rapist?,negative
Can these influencers have their asses sued off for defamation? Asking for a friend,positive
Had to be some sort of Kamala Grievance Bureau…,negative
Mystery group= Russian disinfo,neutral
Is it Russians or Republicans. Can you tell the difference anymore?,neutral
Russia?,neutral
These people are too dishonest for *George Santos*?!,negative
"Wow, and George Santos was the high-water mark for morality in that bunch.",positive
Tenet Media?,neutral
I'm sure Donald Trump does *not* want to get into a discussion about sexual history with Kamala Harris.,positive
“Mystery.”  That’s a weird way of spelling Russia.,negative
"Oh no, a woman lives her own life and does her own sexual things? Gasp!

No one cares about sex as much as conservatives care about sex.",negative
"How do you say ""mystery group"" in Russian?",neutral
"Oh, were there some citizens united in their disapproval of Harris?",positive
Russians are that desperate.,negative
"DOJ says Russia paid right-wing influencers to spread Russian propaganda

Mystery group MAGAxPutin",negative
What’s weird is that I’ve never actually heard any rumors or “evidence” that she had anything to smear her with. All I’ve heard are MAGA people referring to her as a slut or “taking the easy way” to the top. I’ve never seen where they originated or even a reason to believe it’s legit. The fact that people caught onto it and repeated it like it was fact just seems to be straight up slander.,neutral
George Santos did a good thing.,positive
"What’s really funny/ironic is all the comments I’ve seen saying in response to anything positive about Kamala. Which is, “who’s paying you to say that”? Deflection at its finest.",positive
So the “conservative message” that was being pushed is that the vice president of the United States is a whore. I hope they’re proud. They’re just pigs.,positive
More election interference.,neutral
"Gee, let me guess … Russian FSB.",neutral
"Of course, because a sex scandal is so much worse for women",negative
It's no mystery. It's Russia.,negative
That these people's integrity is for sale so cheap is a ringing damnation of their character.,negative
And the “influencers” went along with it. They’re pieces of shit too and should be exposed.,negative
Sexual smears . . .😂 How bout we do a turn about and very publicly reiterate Trump's sexual abuses? Pot calling kettle black is just more republican double standards. Ok for them but no one else. Gawd this is childish.,negative
Russ..we Mystery group,neutral
A mystery group that supports Trump and speaks Russian. Dunno who they could be,positive
"Russians, or people paid  by Russians, that's what they mean to say. ",neutral
"There's no ""conservatives"" or ""republicans"" or ""political right"" it's all filthy Putin Russian owned traitors and terrorists.  You can see this being played out as historical Republican politicans are declaring for Harris/Walz.",negative
"From the original Semafor article:

“This influencer network was organized over emails and Zoom calls, and payments on the platform Zelle, according to Zoom invitations and Zelle receipts reviewed by Semafor, plus the descriptions of a person who participated in the calls. The money was good: One participant made more than $20,000 for several weeks of boosting assigned messages, according to the Zelle receipts.”",positive
Its the Mystery Group at the Kremlin.,neutral
Can wait to see those clowns Tim Pool and Benny Johnson try to get out of this. Enjoy prison you two.,positive
"JD Vance really doesn't want ""Who had sex to get ahead?"" to be a trending topic.",negative
Mystery huh. Does it rhyme with lootin?,neutral
<cough> Russia <cough>,neutral
It’s no mystery to the rest of us,negative
"Huh, why is Texas trying to find out who is looking out of state for abortions?",neutral
Follow the money. Russia.,neutral
Actually I don't believe a word in that article because the sole source is George Santos.  Sorry.,negative
"GRU? FSB?

MSS (China Ministry of State Security)?",positive
I'm Russian to find the story!,neutral
Republikkkunts have no new tricks at this point. They tried and failed to smear Biden with unsubstantiated and sudden SA claims (which promptly disappeared after Biden won) while gleefully turning an eye on attempted rapist megadouche Brett Kavanaugh.,negative
"Republicans don’t care about sexual misdeeds… right, republicans?",positive
The only ones who ended up with smear on their face was the Russians.,negative
"Kamala is rubber, and you are glue...",neutral
"Surprise surprise.

It's time to ban psyche monetizing algorithms. Our brains can't handle it.",negative
Pretty please out them!,positive
Jesse waters *cough*,neutral
"Yes, a real mystery,  quick someone call scooby.",positive
You know it's bad when it is too immoral for George Santos.,negative
"I remember when this same attack started, it was ignored and went away, nothing has stuck so far and it won't.",negative
These guys are lower than snakes .,negative
"I noticed these, the popped up a lot on facebook, i didn’t seek them out, they just looked… wrong. Like barely in the uncanny valley the photoshop was so terrible. Like the bodies they photoshopped her onto did not look like her. It looked like desperation to me",negative
"""M r Y u S s T s E i R a Y"" group indeed.",neutral
I hope it doesnt work,positive
"My social media feed is a lot of sexual content about KH and content questioning her race, especially facebook. I don't follow anything political, IDK why I'm getting this content.",negative
Ginni Thomas? Her group?,neutral
Yeah complete mystery!,positive
Why isn't the U.S. doing the same thing to Russia? Seems like they want to play internet-proxy wargames.,positive
[removed],neutral
Now I want to know what the smear was,negative
Aren't social media influencers being offered money to show posts supporting harris?,positive
Is the ~~KGB~~… “mystery group” in the room with us?,neutral
"Oh, it's a mystery! I think I'm getting a clue! ",neutral
"It’s not an even winning message in a *current Trump world.* “She got a promotion cause of a guy she dated” or a vague “she had sex with a lot of people to get ahead but we can’t supply any names” will convince literally no one.

Not with Mr paid off a porn star, friends with a notorious pedophile, lost to E. Jean Carroll, admitted to sexual assault and walking in on naked teens on the ticket. Trump is all those things and more and most of his base admit them to be true. Because they are on tape and film and he doesn’t deny them.",negative
"Purely hypothetical, but I think all the bullshit the right tried to pull on Fannie Willis really showed their hand to the world. ",negative
"""Kamala has sex"" is basically the stuff that I'm seeing. 

I think it probably works for some misogynistic men I guess. IDK.",negative
And oil companies,neutral
Nyet!,neutral
U don't say?,neutral
"They are sexist racists.  Trump is a white cis man.  They will not ever give a fuck what he does.  In fact, it supports their whole thing that he gets away with it.  Vote, protest.",negative
Trump raped children as well. Guess all the republicans bloodthirsty rhetoric about protecting children was nonsense.,negative
"He’s male and republican, he gets to /s

Hell, its proof of his ‘alphaness’",negative
So Christlike,neutral
"Only if they defamed a rich person. Because the way courts work in the US, you can get as much justice as you can afford.

But even pro-bono can't necessarily get meaningful results from a class-action. Alex Jones [still hasn't paid his victims](https://www.npr.org/2023/09/14/1199560208/alex-jones-sandy-hook-payments)",positive
Probably acting on evidence from the Government Reconnaissance Unit. ,neutral
"And Koch, gop lobbyists, and coal companies",neutral
"> Russians or Republicans. Can you tell the difference anymore?

The difference is immaterial when the head of Russia can tell Republicans to prostrate before him on July 4th and they do so.

https://www.alternet.org/2018/07/republicans-spent-their-july-4th-week-moscow-having-meetings-russian-officials",neutral
"""It's the same picture.""",neutral
Yes and turning point USA.,positive
"""I'm better looking than you!""     


""Bitch, you look like a jack o' lantern on November 20th.""",positive
It's weird ain't it?,negative
Happy cake day!,positive
"They're not named in the indictments. As far as any released information they're only persons of interest.

That doesn't exactly exonerate Pool who claims he didn't even need to be paid to promote pro-war-crime Russia, or klan propaganda 'white replacement theory'. But we shouldn't call things before they're actually in court.",positive
Grab them by the pussy… when your a star…,neutral
Paid endorsements are legal. Paying someone to libel your opponent is not.,positive
Unfortunately maybe,negative
"Oh, the ~~Republican Party~~ *""mystery group""*, you say?",positive
Ding dong.,neutral
 A raging clue!,negative
Jinkees!,neutral
"Ooo yeah, my clue is pointing this way…",positive
To add on the affidavit with the testimony from a 13 yo about Trump raping and beating her. Soo not just friends with a notorious pedophile. He is one.,negative
I can’t believe they even have the gall to run this kind of smear.,negative
"It’s all the cover for them to dismiss the (valid) criticisms of Trump. If they can muddy the water a bit then it gives conservatives an easy (albeit disingenuous) way to counter anyone who brings up Trump’s appalling record. It’s dumb, but it gives them *something* to say. Same reason they’ll bring up BLM protests to counter Jan 6 riots, Hunter Biden to counter the Trump Kleptocracy, why they *loved* being able to discuss Biden’s age and gaffes to counter the discussion of Trump’s cognitive decline, etc. None of it is valid, but as long as they have some cheap whataboutism to throw back at any talking point then they can avoid actually addressing anything.  ",negative
"It does work on the maga faithful, but it is unlikely that anyone with +2 brain cells don't see it for what it is. 

We will see more and worst closer to the election,  a lot of fake  AI images/videos and stories about her and her supporters, right now the campaign is focused on showing foreigners as violent and uncivilized, they will be more direct about black, brown  and Jews soon, because any president elected by those subhumans couldn't be legitimate right?


 Trump and his backers will get more desperate if they don't see a clear path to victory closer to the election",negative
"It does work on the maga faithful, but it is unlikely that anyone with +2 brain cells don't see it for what it is. 

We will see more and worst closer to the election,  a lot of fake  AI images/videos and stories about her and her supporters, right now the campaign is focused on showing foreigners as violent and uncivilized, they will be more direct about black, brown  and Jews soon, because any president elected by those subhumans couldn't be legitimate right?


 Trump and his backers will get more desperate if they don't see a clear path to victory closer to the election",negative
She was single as well.,positive
Yeah. To most people “Kamala had sex” is about as mundane as “Kamala likes salads” who really cares?,positive
They wear shirts touting those things like they’re proud of someone SO BOLD,positive
"> Guess all the republicans bloodthirsty rhetoric about protecting children was nonsense

All you have to do is look at Republican states to know that.

https://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-news/abortion-restrictions-higher-maternal-infant-mortality-rcna61585

https://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-news/states-strict-abortion-policies-simply-seeing-obgyn-regular-care-can-d-rcna162300

And studies for *years* even before Trump were clear states (not US states, any) with stricter anti-abortion laws have higher rates of abortion. Instead, they result in higher rates of unintended pregnancies which can be more dangerous and are usually economically damaging to the poor.

https://www.npr.org/sections/goatsandsoda/2022/05/27/1099739656/do-restrictive-abortion-laws-actually-reduce-abortion-a-global-map-offers-insigh

So the fact that they don't address any of the root causes shows they don't really care. If they did they'd at least slowly address the causative factors.",negative
Thanks!,positive
I'm afraid they are synonyms at this point.,neutral
KGB does not answer to anyone!,neutral
"I guess it’s true they are desperate. They’ll say or do anything to get the tiniest edge. I mean, he’s even continually saying now that liberals are doing abortions several days after a baby is born. It’s insane.",negative
The new “immigrants have been eating pets in Ohio” screams desperation.,negative
"They are proud of him. Which is why we need to put him and his whole magat movement to bed this November. 

Democrats.org",positive
KGB hired a lobster to interrogate dissidents?,neutral
Ha!  Send little Jimmy to school and he comes back 3 days later with a sex change operation.  Unconscionable.,neutral
"But there is a whole Psy ops in social media then reflected in mass media pushing the savage black people and the gangsters brown people that were brought here to vote Dem, and brain dead Magats believe it even when law enforcement and witnesses say it isn't true.

 It solidifies the maga vote and plant more seeds of doubt in the validity of the election, it has the long term effect of convincing many white people that  people of color,  even citizens, aren't really Americans, so their legal vote shouldn't be counted.",negative
This cold but I’m looking forward to that generation of boomers to “move on” excluding my parents,neutral
"Reading the daily mail today you'd swear Kamala had no chance, The fact he's even got a thread of a chance is bonkers to me.",neutral
"Plot twist, it wasn't an operation, it was another school shooting and Lil' Jimmy got his dick shot off.  And it all happened without asking for the parents' permission.

Thanks GOP, thanks MAGA, thanks Trump!",positive
"66 year old white lady and I have hated Trump since his lavish lifestyle was shoved at us on some ""news"" program (can't recall what network, but it was just after Melania had given birth.) The gaudy, nauseating gold floors walls and anything else that could be plastered with gold paint - just grotesque. I knew he was a creep from the jump.",negative
Same.,neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"Oprah created Dr. Phil and Dr. Oz, not a name I'd want to be associated with.",positive
Oprah should apologize for Drs. Phil and Oz.,positive
Girl You must donate $50 million first.,neutral
"Whelp, that's *definitely* going to be a thing.",positive
"Hi Oprah...

  
A billion dollars you don't need?",neutral
[deleted],neutral
Older people vote and many of them like Oprah.,positive
She did enjoy cocktails with Epstein,positive
If she gets Harris elected I'll forgive her.,positive
You think nobody turns up for Oprah Winfrey? Do you know who she is?,neutral
"Um, I get that shit talking the other team is satisfying but have you seen the full venues for the Harris rallies?  

Harris Walz ticket is galvanizing blue enthusiasm.  The zoom format is to allow people across the country to join.",positive
No shit?,positive
"I won't. I don't believe in black and white thinking. I'll thank her for her advocacy for racial and sexual assault issues over the years, and for campaigning for Harris. The rest of it, from her pushing alternative medicine, which poisoned the mind of my mom and harmed my own childhood personally, to her leading Satanic panic getting restarted in the 90's, to pushing new age belief in crystals to new audiences, and yeah, Dr. Oz and Dr. Phil. She's done a **ton** of harm.",negative
I doubt he's old enough to know.,negative
They don't have Oprah on Russian television.,neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"Remember, Oprah’s target audience isn’t Redditors, it’s the millions of suburban moms across the country and with that group she is a powerful force despite her unfortunate choices in the past.",positive
Hey! At least she’s doing something to make up for unleashing Oz and Phil on our lives,neutral
"“Everyone for Harris” is a better more inclusive title that already has legs (White Dudes, Women, Black Men.. etc)",positive
"OK, after reading the comments, I'm convinced this is a good thing for all the reasons people smarter than me said. But fuck, I fucking hate Oprah for so many reasons, not least on the list that the bitch has a private road connecting two population centers on Maui and the locals have to drive two hours around her property 😂",negative
We couldn’t get Jasmine Crockett to host or something? I’m GenX and I’m done with Oprah.,neutral
"Good lord, the comments in here are disturbing",negative
"Are we still platforming the woman who brought us Dr. Oz, Dr. Phil, and John of God? Oprah is a piece of shit and needs to go away forever.",negative
"Oprah said at the DNC she would campaign—- she needs to get off her ass and get out there. 

A lot of her core audience are believing disinformation and lies",negative
"Ugh, I hate Oprah. She started the antivaxxer movement.",negative
"ugh go away oprah

Just another billionaire pretending to be nice",positive
She is on the list. You know the one.,neutral
" Oh God, there she goes again, babblin' about people's lives and carryin' on. She hasn't paid any attention to me in years!",positive
Fuck Oprah,negative
[deleted],neutral
Well good for her!,positive
"Where was she when Hillary was running ? Oops, wrong color.",negative
Will her bff Harvey Weinstein be there ?,positive
I’m guessing the event won’t be sponsored by Weight Watchers now that she has split from them.,neutral
"Watching the DNC I had to remind myself that the CEO wasn't there for me, he was there for the people that think Trump is a businessman and this good for business. 

I also had to remind myself that Oprah wasn't there for me, she was there for the suburban women that don't follow politics too closely but listen to people like Oprah in forming opinions. 

I'm here for it. Being excited about the Oprah endorsement doesn't mean giving Oprah a pass. I'm pretty pumped about the Cheney x2 endorsement. Being a big tent party means you have to reach out to a large swath of people without folding on your values.",positive
That’s a really great assessment.,positive
This. She has a huge platform of women who either don’t typically vote or vote how their husband votes. This is a good thing.,positive
"I can't stand her, but you're absolutely correct!",neutral
"I agree. Oprah's demographic is really older women, where she will be strong, middle aged and older women, but her influence should be significant, and bipartisan, if you know what I mean. Like obviously she supports kamala, but she was loved by both sides of the political fence, I believe.",positive
You get a Harris and You get a Harris everyone gets a Harris.,neutral
"I imagine each ""group"" getting their own event especially for them will make both the hype levels and donations higher than a broad event like you are suggesting. Each group getting their own event also serves to make sure ""their group"" isn't being represented along with everyone else in the general group.

E: forgot an important word",positive
"""Harris for everyone"" sets a better tone.


It's the same difference between ""All For One"" and ""One For All"".",positive
"She kind of introduced us to Obama and endorsed him before he became the nominee in 2007. 
She is an effective communicator for better or worse. ",positive
"Oprah unleashed pseudo science on the world, but hey, maybe look at this as her doing things to help the world.  She let loose some ghouls on the world for sure, but here she is trying to help the US from not turning in to Germany Jan 30, 1933.  

Let give her some slack here.",positive
You want her to be an asshole cause she’s rich? 🤔,positive
"If you're into her then go for it, ask her out.",neutral
"She’s got reach like a motherfucker, especially suburban women",negative
"I agree, however she’s only trash because she’s on the right side.
On the other side she’d be a beacon of moral rights, and we can’t ignore the major impact she still has.
I’d sure theirs some diehard skinheads voting for Kamala because they have a family member on the spectrum.
I don’t have to like them to want them to vote in a way I agree with.",positive
"I just assumed that's what the events were for. Getting to hear Kinzinger be flustered that he was on just before Harris was adorable. 


The ""see, we're chill and don't bite"" party.


I did get super excited about Keenan Thompson and the over sized Project 2025 book.",positive
It really won't take swaying many of those voters to seal this election.,neutral
I’m just saying I don’t think she’s as respected as she thinks she is.,positive
She is an asshole,neutral
"She absolutely is with suburban moms, and they talk. Every one she flips to Harris will likely flip another 2 or 3.",neutral
"I’m a fucking suburban mom, in Texas, and black, and this is horseshit.",neutral
Doubt that. You clearly don’t know many suburban moms if you think Oprah of all people is going to change anyone’s mind.,positive
My 74 year old mother and all of her friends still swear by Oprah.  I think when people say suburban mom they really mean “women who were suburban moms in the late 80s and 90s.”   It would not be an exaggeration to say some of my mom’s friends will vote the way Oprah says to just be a she said to.,positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
The Trump admin made a deal with the Taliban to release 5000 Taliban prisoners and set the timetable for withdrawal. That people seem to forget that shows how hopelessly uneducated a large portion of American voters are.,negative
"Headline should be ""Generals blame Trump for the withdrawal from Afghanistan because it is totally his fault"".",negative
You mean the US withdrawal from Afghanistan that the Trump administration negotiated? That withdrawal?,positive
"Trump negotiated a gift to the Taliban.. no Afghan government input,  date certain, and hard commitment by the US, regardless of who won in November. 

It was stupid terms like these that made it a no-win situation.  Trump was too stupid to notice",positive
This is perfectly timed to be a solid counterpunch due the debate.,positive
Wanna see a Trump supporter fall apart instantly? Just ask them how many soldiers we lost in Afghanistan during Trump’s presidency.,negative
"Just watched Rep Jason Crow speak about the report. He said GOP would not release 5 depositions and did not interview any Trump WH officials. He also stated that in 3,200 pages of depositions, Harris was mentioned only 3 times, yet in the 350-page report, she’s mentioned 280 times. He also stated Republicans are standing in the way of getting more out by not allocating funds and special VISAs. So, appears to be yet another partisan report. I’m glad it’s out now. Surprised they didn’t wait until 11/1 to release it.",positive
"The Trump administration purposely created an unwinnable situation for Biden to complete. \*cough\* Kobayashi Maru \*cough\*

Biden made sure that it wasn't worse than what in ended up being.",positive
What does Harris have anything to do with the US withdrawal from Afghanistan? Vice presidents rarely have any real participations in the administration. Her highest profile mission was previously thought to be on the border and her campaign quickly clarified she had nothing to do with it. I can't imagine she had say about Afghanistan that requires defending.,neutral
"I wish the headline explicitly said *FPOTUS's* withdrawal from Afghanistan.

Because he did it. 100%. He *bragged* about doing it. He set free Taliban, hosted them at Camp David, and make the US commit to a walk-away date.

It's on him. He owns this. Afghanistan is a Republican legacy of failure.",positive
">""He (Trump) repeatedly fails to take responsibility for his own role in putting service members in harm's way. Without involving the Afghan government, he and his Administration negotiated a deal with the Taliban that freed 5000 Taliban fighters and allowed them to return to the battlefield. Then, he left President Biden and Vice President Harris with no plans to execute a withdrawal, and with little time to do so.""

>

>""This chaotic approach severely hindered the Biden-Harris Administration's ability to execute the most orderly withdrawal possible and put our service members and our allies at risk. Nevertheless, President Biden with the support of Vice President Harris ended America's longest war, oversaw the largest airlift in U.S. history, and brought our troops home.""

>

>It then goes on to note Trump's disparaging comments about wounded veterans and the Medal of Honor.",negative
"Over 20 years and trillions of dollars spent on a war where we weren’t welcomed in the first place. 

We’re going to spend trillions more on healthcare for those troops that were stationed there.",negative
"So here's the thing with Afghanistan:

1. Trump made a deal (or well one of his cronies did, maybe Kushner or some other idiot.  Who knows), releasing 5,000 Taliban prisoners in exchange for essentially nothing.  This blind-sided the Afghan government and even our own military.  Then, leading up to the transfer of power, Trump did his best to leave Afghanistan a complete mess to make Biden look bad.  Honestly, Trump left such a disaster there that it's a miracle we managed to evacuate so many people and that more Americans didn't die.  If Trump or any other Republican brings up Afghanistan, remind the American people that it was their fault at the end of the day.  

2. Most importantly, staying there after getting Bin Laden was a complete waste of time and money (and most importantly, American lives).  In 2011, the Afghan government was still unbelievably corrupt and incompetent and the Afghan National Army was more or less useless.  This is after 10 years and billions of dollars in assistance.  It was clear then that any more time or resources spent in Afghanistan would have been a waste.  We should have pulled out sometime during Obama's 2nd term and brought back anyone who risked their lives to help us.  Of course, the military industrial complex and their favorite cronies (the neo-cons) did their best to keep us there indefinitely with no end goal in sight.",negative
"personally i do not care.

i am just glad we are OUT, imo we should have gotten out of afghanistan much much earlier and never gone to Iraq again at all.

FUCK BUSH, CHENEY, RUMSFELD, ALITO, POWELL AND RICE!

they are war criminals. if there was any justice in america they would all be in prison.",negative
Harris wasn't president,neutral
"Dated 2/29/2020:

U.S. Department of State (.gov)https://www.state.gov › 02....PDFJoint Declaration between the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan and the United ...

1. ﻿﻿﻿The United States will reduce the number of U.S. military forces in Afghanistan to 8,600 and implement other commitments in the U.S.-Taliban agreement within 135 days of the announcement of this joint declaration and the U.S.-Taliban agreement, and will work with its allies and the Coalition to reduce proportionally the number of Coalition forces in Afghanistan over an equivalent period, subject to the Taliban’s fulfillment of its commitments under the U.S.-Talban agreement.
2. ﻿﻿﻿Consistent with the joint assessment and determination between the United States and the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, the United States, its allies, and the Coalition will complete the withdrawal of their remaining forces from Afghanistan within 14 months following the announcement of this joint declaration and the U.S.-Taliban agreement, and will withdraw all their forces from remaining bases, subject to the Taliban’s fulfillment of its commitments under the U.S.-Taliban agreement.

Article dated 8/13/2021:

PolitiFact | Mitt Romney accurately says Trump administration worked to free 5,000 Taliban prisoners

* A 2020 agreement between the U.S. and the Taliban called for the release of up to 5,000 Taliban prisoners who were held by the Afghan government. 
* News reports and statements from Afghanistan’s president indicate that the release happened. Afghanistan officials said they freed the prisoners at the request of the U.S.

Edit: the links aren’t working.. happy to DM",positive
I had an argument about this with a serviceman friend. Absolutely convinced Biden was to blame. Willing to bet his home on it. Gobsmacked.,positive
"The military withdrawal was one of the greatest examples of the mobility ever witnessed, but the public has no concept of what that required. All they saw were people suddenly realizing that the United States was leaving after twenty years and they didn't like it.",positive
You can bet Trump will have some family members of fallen soldiers during the draw in the audience,negative
"Bruh this was 3 years ago and the media just gives Trump a pass on how he handled COVID and set up this deal because Republicans have loudly complained about the economy since Biden was elected because ""LiBruLz bAD!!"" 

Literally the day after inauguration, people were flipping out about the economy because they wanted to make Biden look bad. Biden rescued our economy! Sure it's been a bit painful at the grocery store, but we had NO recession and made the soft landing. And we can't just throw away all that progress with Trump Tarriffs ruining the economy because people feel kinda meh. 

I swear if we end up with fascism because everyone can't see how much better we've had it than the rest of the world, I think we deserve it.",positive
There’s nothing to defend. She was VP it wasn’t her call one way or another,neutral
Hard to withdraw properly from a place we never should have been in to start with.,negative
Why are we even talking about Harris one way or another? She's literally not in the chain of command.  VPs have no military power?,negative
">generals defend Harris

Well duh, of course they do",positive
A notable name on the list of people who signed that latter is the former SgtMaj of the Marine Corps - Estrada.,neutral
Yay!,positive
"I get the withdrawal is really Trumps fault as he set the plan in motion that was too late for Biden to stop, but why we acting like Harris was commander and chief during it, not Biden? This is silly.",positive
"What a ridiculous way to even frame this.

The VP has literally abso-fucking-lutely nothing to do with withdrawing troops, literally ever.

Harris doesn’t even need to respond to this bull shit or defend it. But since it was trumps plan and time table, proceed you fucking morons.",negative
"A bit of contemporary history:

https://www.militarytimes.com/news/pentagon-congress/2022/10/13/trump-ordered-rapid-withdrawal-from-afghanistan-after-election-loss/

Notice WHO signed the orders!",neutral
It's like they're begging her to make the argument and not just concede the issue. Why is she not on podcasts and talk shows every single day MAKING THE CASE FOR HER CANDIDACY? I don't think she's capable and it's a fucking tragedy,negative
"Is this like the 50 intelligence officers who said Hunters laptop was a Russian hoax?

Is this like the group if economists who said Bidenomics was better than. Trump's three years before COVID?

None of these Generals put together any type of battle plans in their careers, just paper pushers",positive
"Also, released those 5,000 Taliban prisoners *while leaving only 2,500 US troops in country.* 

That’s why Biden had to send more troops back in before withdrawing completely.",negative
"If anyone doubts this, you can read the exact text of the deal on the State department's website:

[https://www.state.gov/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/Agreement-For-Bringing-Peace-to-Afghanistan-02.29.20.pdf](https://www.state.gov/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/Agreement-For-Bringing-Peace-to-Afghanistan-02.29.20.pdf)",negative
"It's willfully ignoring the truth from Trump supporters.

They know it was his plan that failed, but they'll never admit it.",negative
I have a friend who was active duty military during this - even he continently forgets this fact and tends to blame Obama for the initial issues. It’s so frustrating.,negative
Also in that release of 5000 Afghan prisoners under Trump were numerous ISIS members.,negative
Is it really that surprising because the GOP are “all domestic terrorists” if I remember correctly.,positive
"The deal has conditions for taliban to distance itself from bin Laden's terrorist organizations and to not attack US military but taliban broke them. Trump on the other hand continued the withdrawals. By the time Biden took office, the us troop already drawn down to very low level and the taliban already reached a very strong position. 

Trump's deal and action in effect is not a deal, but a unilateral unconditional withdrawal.",positive
…AND didn’t participate in any transition activities so Biden-Harris had no information on anything.,negative
People forget BECAUSE CORPORATE MEDIA LETS THEM FORGET.  Zero pushback when this topic comes up by Republicans spouting lies.  CORPORATE MEDIA HAS FAILED US ALL.,negative
"A potentially larger issue is that the Trump admin made a deal with the Taliban that the US would not assist the ANA in any offensive operations with artillery or air support against the Taliban.

This led to the ANA being unable to hold back the Taliban and easily getting overwhelmed, which is the entire reason why the Taliban were in position to launch suicide attacks against Kabul in the first place.

Every one of those soldiers who lost their lives during the withdrawal that Trump likes to blame Biden for died as a result of agreements made between the Trump admin and the Taliban.",negative
"On this issue it's almost willingly. They just wanted a ""gotcha"" so bad they couldn't refrain from trying to put in Biden and Harris. So then when confronted with the truth they just retreat back into their denial and get mad at others for daring to actually know what's going on.",negative
Why is it the news and every commentator forgets the withdrawal and it’s rushed bullshit nature were DUE TO TRUMP,negative
"I pointed this out to my friend's conservative dad the week of the withdrawal. He acted like I hadn't spoken at all and continued cheerily explaining that the airport bombing was ""all Biden's fault.""

I'm sure some people forgot. I'd bet plenty more chose willful ignorance from the start.",positive
"It’s insane how little the press challenges this claim that Afghanistan is something the Biden administration has to defend.  Trump literally wrote the deal and set the table for that withdrawal scenario, and because of the transition stonewall Biden’s admin couldn’t get strapped in on the situation until March.  

Biden’s options were to either renege on the deal and recommit American troops, which no one wanted, or rip off the bandaid and take the exit scenario in hand.  Ultimately he did the most responsible thing possible, push the withdrawal out to buy time, keep the exit deal in place, and when shit went tits up he did the honorable thing and sent in the 82nd to hold the airport to allow Americans and our allies precious time to escape.  Yes it was a shit show but it was a shitshow that’s been brewing over 6 presidential terms",positive
"If this comes up in the debate, he'll just make shit up and deny it completely, Harris won't be given any good chance to pressure him on it, and they'll move on.",negative
Trump surrendered. That was the art of the deal,neutral
"To be fair, no media outlet actually corrects the narrative.  Not in interviews with the right wing nut jobs and not with actual journalism/ articles.  Trump was right about one thing -  the media is the enemy of the people.  It’s just that they favor his side- fascists.",negative
People are not forgetting they never knew about it to begin with.,neutral
"Trump definitely started the withdrawal, and he did everything in his power to make the transition of power difficult for Biden, and to disrupt his ability to do his duties, in order to make him look bad. 

Trump doesn't care about America, and Americans. He cares about himself.",negative
Nobody is forgetting.  They’re lying because it’s the closest thing to something that sticks and nobody has challenged them on it so they keep saying it.,negative
Makes you wonder how much money he made on that. There must have been a 3rd party involved for anyone to fuck up that badly.,negative
 It's wild how people are focusing on Harris when the whole situation stems from decisions made way before she took office. It's like blaming the new driver for a crash caused by the previous one. Gotta love the selective memory in politics.,positive
And the biden administration was powerless to alter that deal? Give me a break.,negative
"> The Trump admin made a deal with the Taliban to release 5000 Taliban prisoners and set the timetable for withdrawal.

Which Biden could have just ignored if he wanted to. What is Taliban doing to do about it? US Presidents ignore deals made by the previous administration all the time. Just look at the US tearing up the Kyoto Agreement, the Paris Accords, the Iran Nuclear Deal. No reason for Biden to continue with any deal if he didn't want to.",negative
"Trump did everything he could to rat-fuck the Biden administration.  He doesn't give a shit about the country or the troops.  It was a ""fuck you"" to everyone on his way out.",negative
"> Trump was too stupid to notice

Yeah, no, you're wrong about this part.  It wasn't an accident.",negative
"Didn’t Biden move the date to 9/11, seems like date certain is not true",positive
"No the US gained nothing, but I bet he’ll be taken care of by them till he’s gone",positive
"According to ChatGPT, it was 63.  For Biden, it was a total of 15.",neutral
Imagine if the pandemic never happened and Trump got a second term. The Afghanistan withdrawal probably would have ended up being the biggest black mark on Trump’s record as opposed to people acting like it’s Biden’s fault.,neutral
Absolutely nothing,neutral
bUt sHE wAs in tHe rOoM /s,neutral
"20 years and thousands of US soldiers dead: 🇺🇸 🤩

13 soldiers killed leaving: 😡🇻🇪",negative
Why would that even matter between now and November?,neutral
You really think that's relevant or even how she'll respond when it comes up in the debate???,neutral
">Is this like the 50 intelligence officers who said Hunters laptop was a Russian hoax?

What they really said was more nuanced than that.

>Is this like the group if economists who said Bidenomics was better than. Trump's three years before COVID?

Most positive economic trends in Trump's first years were continuations of trends that started under Obama or even earlier. Once Trump's policies, like his unnecessary tax cuts and trade wars, actually started to have a effect, we started heading towards a recession. He's lucky to that covid provided conver for his bad policies.

>None of these Generals put together any type of battle plans in their careers, just paper pushers

Yeah, commanding a carrier group during a war or flying over 250 combat missions sounds like a bunch of paper pushing.",positive
"Worse, the deal he set up was intended to whip them into a murderous fury if the troops weren't withdrawn EXACTLY on that date, and he set an impossible date. He knew it would cause death. It was his only plan.  
  
Also, 5000 released in that last wave. I believe he released 5000 to 10000 more on previous ""deals"" he made with the Taliban.",negative
The deal was set that America couldn't bring more boots on the ground.  Doing so would have tprn up Trump's surrender.,neutral
"You mean *Biden’s* state department please. Of course he would blame the last guy for his own bad decisions. 

/s",negative
"Most of them are genuinely ignorant… but even if you explain it to them, theyll still blame biden.",negative
"His plan was successful, in that it was planned to be a disaster.",negative
I was there for the evacuation flying overwatch. People don’t understand how early we were prepping to pull out versus when it happened. It was also prolonged several months to help and it was still bad. It was a shitty situation for Biden but one that was set by the dumb dumb before him.,negative
"I read that the guy who blew himself up at the gate and killed the 4 marines was one of the 5,000 released by trump.",negative
"The absurdly easy to meet Trump agreement with the Taliban is this one:

[https://www.state.gov/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/Agreement-For-Bringing-Peace-to-Afghanistan-02.29.20.pdf](https://www.state.gov/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/Agreement-For-Bringing-Peace-to-Afghanistan-02.29.20.pdf)

The Taliban could easily meet the don’t back terrorists attack on the US or its allies since the only viable terrorist group in Afghanistan was ISIS-K who is a Taliban enemy.  Al-Qaeda fled to Pakistan in 2001 so they nave negligible presence though some members joined ISIS-K.  Another clause in the agreement was don’t attack Americans which was easy to meet since Americans were only at the US embassy, one army base, and one Air Force base.  The Taliban could conquer 99.9% of the country without getting anywhere near Americans.  The third major demand on the Taliban was negotiate with the government which since negotiations are just meeting a few times a month and talking that was another absurd item.

The Taliban 100% met these incredibly stupid agreement requirements since it would be nearly impossible to violate them.",negative
Bring back the Fairness Doctrine!!!,neutral
Let's not pretend social media is any better,positive
"1. The taliban would have never agreed to alter it because they got exactly what they wanted

2. So let’s say you want to ignore the deal, saying fuck it to the taliban and the UN, well the wheels had already been set so far in motion by that point. So seriously, what would have been the options when prisoners were already released, troops and infrastructure had already been drawn down significantly (the contract notes not only the full pullback time, but an immediate set of actions that had to be completed conveniently before the end of 2020) and control of the country was slipping - not to mention the afghan government was already kneecapped by the deal in the first place

It’s a real question. Theres no new deal to be had. So they either had to try and finish pulling out minimizing damage as much as possible or they would have needed to *send more people and resources* back to Afghanistan with a worse position than when they were pulled out to try and regain more control to then pull back out again.

It was a nightmare situation. I’m not sure how the latter option could be justified - and by that stage the timeline of the deal wasn’t the important part necessarily, it was trying to get people out quickly because stability was gone. 

Not commenting on how the final stage was executed, but to act like they could have just cut a new deal and had no problems seems to ignore the total context",negative
"Did the Biden Administration have a time machine they didn’t tell us about? Those prisoners were released in 2020. Biden didn’t take office until 2021. But sure, keep pretending.",positive
It happened before he was president,neutral
"Except he made the deal with the Taliban in February, long before he lost the election.

He was just that bad at being president.",negative
His 2017 tax cut is the same,negative
"He did the same thing, when Obama, handed over the pandemic playbook… threw it out…. but “he’s a genius” “gods gift” /s",neutral
Then it's Worse.. you're calling him a traitor (and you may be correct!),negative
"Biden sent troops Back because Trump left too few for an orderly withdrawal.. but circumstances deteriorated Far Faster than anticipated.. so the last ones out were inadequately provided for.  Not because nobody tried,  but because there wasn't time.",negative
"Not that maga will believe official government sites, but I’d go to the US department of defense for official stats. For Biden, military deaths in Afghanistan are 13. And yes, for Trump it is 63 - many of whom died during the period in which the POS claims we didn’t lose anyone there.",negative
I think it’s extremely optimistic to think that the withdrawal would have been the worst thing that happened in a second trump term,negative
They are trying to frame harris as the decision maker in the Afghanistan withdrawal because they have nothing else to go after her with. But she wasn't president or the decision maker in that decision. This is probably just a leftover attack they were going to use against biden.,negative
Common sense doesn’t exist in the big house. This is sadly true.,neutral
"Yes i think it’s relevant, that’s why I said it. No I do not think it’s how she will responds",positive
"You are spot on except where you said we where headed for a recession.  It was announced we where in a recession, Feb 2020 before COVID.",negative
"Remember when the withdrawal was going well in the first week or so, and the GOP was angry about it?  They were overjoyed when the troops got killed, let's not forget that.  Then they could hammer Biden over the head for something he had zero control over.",negative
"And they set the withdrawal date with no plan for withdrawal, all while providing no transition team after the 2020 election. It’s the equivalent of getting evicted and trashing the house before leaving in the middle of the night.",negative
Wanted to sign the deal at camp David on 911.,neutral
Weird how much our President loved making deals with the Taliban.,positive
"> He knew it would cause death. It was his only plan.

The bad deal is actually win-win for Trump in 2020. It makes him look good on foreign policy in the short term, then if Biden wins the election it dumps the problem on him. If Trump does win in 2020 he’s then in his second term and has no consequences for his actions to worry about. ",negative
"And yet, [that’s exactly what we did](https://amp.cnn.com/cnn/2021/08/14/politics/biden-afghanistan-troops). 

>President Joe Biden announced the authorization of an additional direct deployment of 1,000 troops to Afghanistan in a statement Saturday.

>Biden said he authorized the deployment “to make sure we can have an orderly and safe drawdown of US personnel and other allied personnel and an orderly and safe evacuation of Afghans who helped our troops during our mission and those at special risk from the Taliban advance.”

>Biden’s authorization of 5,000 troops in his Saturday statement included 1,000 who are already on the ground in country, according to a defense official. A battalion of 1,000 troops from the 82nd Airborne Division were redirected to Kabul, instead of their original standby position in Kuwait.


>The Pentagon had previously announced 3,000 additional troops were on their way, the defense official said.


>The 82nd Airborne troops redirected to Kabul were originally going to be part of up to 4,000 troops from the same division going to Kuwait on standby, to be used if needed",positive
Source?,neutral
"Fairness doctrine wouldn't apply to social media, which is where a lot of people get their news",neutral
"No - but there are a lot of solid options for IMDEPENDENT MEDIA with accurate content like Brian Tyler Cohen, Meidas touch network, Democracy Docket and Robert Reich.",positive
"I am saying that Biden could have ignored whatever deal Trump signed, and just did whatever he wanted. America has a history of ignoring deals, i.e. Kyoto, Iran nuclear deal, etc.. Why didn't Biden ignore the deal if he thought it was a lousy deal?",negative
"Experts: ""We have used science to accurately predict where this hurricane will hit.""

*Trump busts out sharpy*: ""Liar it'll go where I declare it will""",negative
"Oh, they'll just cry, ""Fake news! What about her emails??"" and just shut down any criticisms of Dear Leader.",negative
"It's going to come up in the debate.  She'll need another response than ""not my job"" of she wants to make progress with attracting undecided voters on swing states.",positive
"Yeah, but that's still in the time frame where covid gets blamed for it, especially people who want to believe that Trump is an economic genius. So I phrase it like I do because the signs were already there, even before the first covid case in China.",positive
"Well, you know, those troops were just “losers” anyway. Disgusting MAGAts.",negative
They can’t collect on those bounties Putin posted if there’s no troops there.,negative
"Republicans are directly committing treason, celebrating our troops deaths by supporting Trump, and helping Putin. They should be deported to Russia.",positive
"That's what I'm expecting if the Republicans lose big in Nov. A CR until mid Nov, and if they lose big the govt shuts down until Jan.",negative
"President is supposed to be a relay race that Trump has turned into an individual sport. He intentionally tossed the baton into the grass a 100 yard short of the hand-off and then blamed Joe for having to run back to get it and then catch back up to the end of the race only 50 yards away from where Joe was waiting to begin with.

This is why the selection of Garland was so infuriating. Conservatives cannot be trusted to enforce the law, they think it's all politics unless it's a Democratic getting arrested.",negative
Why did biden face consequences that trump wouldn’t have?,neutral
"https://www.cnn.com/2021/10/06/politics/kabul-airport-attacker-prison/index.html

here is an article talking about the guy and how he was being held, tho my quick read of it, it seems like the prison was handed over to the Afghan's who promptly lost it/abandoned it to the Taliban who released all the prisoners. Tho the Afghan's blame the US for not communicating the timeline of the withdraw. 

https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2021/08/20/trump-peace-deal-taliban/

This article talks about the deal itself, but its unclear if the 5000 prisoners to be released were the same ones mentioned in the other article.",negative
One brought back could be altered to include it. Much of the news presented by social media outlets come from sources that were relevant to that doctrine.,neutral
The prisoners were already released and troops had drawn down before he became president.,negative
"ya, but you can nuke it, so, no worries /s…",positive
Yeah. She can point out that it was trump that released 5000 Taliban prisoners and was essentially responsible for handing over Afghanistan to the taliban. And that biden put an end to any future American casualties in Afghanistan.,positive
"> She'll need another response than ""not my job""

Yeah, ""You did it. It was *your withdrawal*. *You* hosted the Taliban at Camp David. You negotiated the release of their fighters. *You* committed the US to a withdrawal date. ***You*** negotiated with terrorists.""

There's no other response she needs other than the frank and bare truth.",negative
I'm pretty sure she's been prepped extensively on just how to respond to trump's shit storm of lies as he tries hang this on her. I think she's ready for him.,positive
"It sad really, because it impossible to factually tie it to COVID. The recession was determined on the previous 3 to 6 months.  (End of 2019).  COVID didn't start having  any effect on the economy until  the end of March, beginning of April 2020.",negative
"And if Harris wins but Republicans control the House or Senate, Trump will demand an indefinite shutdown.",positive
"Because the botched withdrawal happened during Biden's first term when he needed to worry about getting reelected. Trump would have been a lame duck if the withdrawal happened during his term and frankly, his voters wouldn't have cared",negative
"From a political standpoint, Trump would be in his second term and not need to worry about seeking reelection. Given that Trump only cares about himself, not the future of the party, if the consequences of his actions don’t affect him personally then they don’t matter. ",positive
"Because to the GOP, rules and standards only apply to Dems.",neutral
"Biden-Harris administration could easily have delayed the withdrawal, giving more time to evacuate American citizens, get rid of military equipment, and so on. Why didn't Biden-Harris administration do that?",positive
Right.,neutral
Something like this would be ideal but the electorate would crucify a woman for talking like that. She would have to do it out without “you” statements for sure,positive
"What’s the worst that would happen, he gets impeached a third time?  Not like he would have been removed.",negative
It's like you aren't even hearing what that user is saying to you.,positive
"Its more like people are determined to defend everything the Biden-Harris administration has done. The US withdrawal left behind Americans as well as Afghan allies. 

https://www.risch.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2022/2/bombshell-report-biden-admin-left-9k-americans-in-afghanistan-originally-claimed-150

https://nbcnews.com/investigations/us-left-78000-afghan-allies-ngo-report-rcna18119

If you think this is great, then fine, come out and say it. 

If you think this is not great, then blame the Biden-Harris administration for not delaying the final withdrawal of US troops until those people could have been evacuated.",positive
Sure sounds like you are trying defend Trump’s catastrophic decisions.,positive
"People aren’t saying the final evacuation was perfect.

People are trying to explain to you, with the timeline of events and evidence, that *before* the final stage the withdrawal had been pushed so far downstream before Biden had control that there wasn’t a meaningful way to slow things down. A powder keg had been created. 

Put another way, a withdrawal like this isn’t linear. Things were already destabilized, and the risks were accelerating so there wasn’t a way to delay. They needed to accelerate plans further by that point.

People can acknowledge that *and* look at the execution of the final evacuations. But the main problem is not people forgetting to look at the final step, it’s the massive number of people who ignore all that led up to it. 

It was a deal basically perfectly designed to create a mess and a situation where the taliban could pull something like that off once support levels were low enough",positive
"Why, then are the generals, who are the experts here, saying the situation was Trump's fault?",negative
"> People aren’t saying the final evacuation was perfect.
 
So how many of those people are saying the Biden-Harris administration made mistakes during the withdrawal? Because I hear plenty of people saying that about the Trump-Pence administration, but not the Biden-Harris administration. 

Trump-Pence administration made mistakes in the negotiation of the Afghan withdrawal. The Biden-Harris administration made mistakes in the execution of the withdrawal. Is that so hard to admit?",negative
"Retired four-star Army Gen. Jack Keane has said that Biden botched the withdrawal. 

https://www.wsj.com/video/series/journal-editorial-report/wsj-opinion-the-perils-of-biden-unconditional-afghan-withdrawal/720FD254-A8A5-4052-9189-2ADBD4C1B28D

So is this 4 start general an expert, or are generals only experts when you like what they hear?",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"""Workers in industry that largely relies on the economy for job security overwhelmingly back candidate that won't immediately tank the economy.""",positive
"For all this talk about silicon valley techies supporting trump, the only ""techies"" supporting him are a few tech billionaire CEOs.",positive
It’s no coincidence the smartest people in our society (tech workers) are voting for Harris,positive
"If there is any sanity to this reality, workers in every industry should be overwhelming supporting the candidate who won't screw them over",positive
"As a tech bro who works at the largest tech company, I like to think it’s because we think in the form of rationality and because since we are chronically online we are more likely to be open to new ideas and new view points. I tend to not believe in anything unless it can or has been proven and has data to back it. My opinions are all fact based and rarely stray from data. Except for more important stuff like Sonic forces being better then Sonic mania and I will not allow the millennials living with their mom to tell me otherwise. I don’t care about sales and meta critic scores. I’m right you’re wrong.",positive
[removed],neutral
Being able to learn is the #1 requirement to be a strong technologist. I don’t think there’s anything else to it. Educated people are attracted to rational policy.,positive
Being Indian has nothing to do with it. Tech workers - including non-Indians - have always skewed Democratic.,neutral
"Umm highly successfull, academically brilliant (Indian Americans are the richest demographic in the states even richer than white Americans-check census records going back decades to verify this for yourself- a fact that even republicans acknowledge and also pay the highest taxes- 12 percent to their meagre 3 percent population in the country) support a presidential candidate with a glowing prosecutorial record. Obviously brilliant people will vote for fellow brilliant people not a lying buffoon..lol 

The top tech companies and other mncs in the world are currently led by Indians- Satya Nadela, Sundar Pichai, Neal Mohan, Ajay Banga, Shantanu Naryan, Arvind Krishna, Vasant Narsimhan, Laxman Narsimhan, Niraj Shah, Sanjay Mehrotra, Indira Nooyi and Parag Agarwal till recently. But hey you can't see brilliant people choosing fellow brilliant people to lead but only see Indians backing Indians. In additon, everything  the below redditor said. You guys are so predictable now, it's kind of boring.",positive
Don't bother engaging with the guy above- just a garden variety racist (take a quick look at his profile). Also not even American so there's that.,negative
"Can't check because the comment was deleted, but was the guy Canadian? Indians have basically become Canada's Mexicans in terms of being a minority group that gets scapegoated for everything wrong with this country, so I wouldn't be surprised.",negative
"No. Australian. He also had some choice words for Chinese folks. I know about the racism in Canada. The usa feels slightly better. Also because Indians in the usa are overall extremely wealthy and therefore insulated from racial  attacks compared to other ethnicities..Canada gets more blue collar and student types so there tends to be these skewed  perceptions of Indians ruining Canada etc..sucks man. 

There is so much I love about America- but there is so much I have seen change over the last couple of years too. It feels like a constant battle online and offline. Haven't experienced overt racism thankfully so just keep reminding myself that there are many many many people who do not view me as some sort of interloper and not everyone is a racist. Take a breather. Hope you find the peace too..Hard world out there for immigrants and it doesnt matter if you were born here either..was having a conversation with a British friend recently and we were wondering at what poiny are you considered British or American. Like what makes you British, what gets you an in.. Is it you living there for 10 years..No. 20 years no. Being born there and being first gen..no. second gen..no. third gen. Also no. For some, you will always be seen as your race and your originating country. Not truly British. Like you could be a 5th gen British Indian but in some people's eyes you are basically just a brown outsider, a vagrant. You will never really belong. The recent race riots also proved this. It's less so the case in the USA but if trump gets re elected, I don't really know how bearable the country will be then.",positive
"Yeah, it's rough in Canada right now. I'm not Indian, but I am South Asian so I get lumped in with the current anti-immigrant hysteria. Times have really changed. When I first moved to Canada as a kid 20 years ago it felt like such a welcoming place, especially compared to what I saw of America, but nowadays racism and hostility is almost the only thing I see from my country on social media. (People IRL are thankfully decent still.) A bit hard to reconcile with my rosy childhood memories. 

It's interesting that all the major English-speaking countries are experiencing these immigration panics at the same time. Some of the right-wing influencers here were found to have connections to the same Russian dark money that's funding the MAGA folks in your side of the continent, so a lot of it probably is astroturfing. Scary to think of so many countries being manipulated like this, though. 

The US is definitely the best place to be an Indian immigrant right now. Interesting to see the high profile Desis in the GOP, like Vivek and Nikki Haley, which is definitely a result of the wealth/model minority stuff you mentioned. On the bright side, you've also got Kamala, who has a real chance to be your next Prez. I hope for all our sakes she is. 

Peace, friend. Let's make it through our interesting times.",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
Black and young voters consolidating around harris. We need to do a better job courting young male votes.,positive
"I think her approval rating is going to shoot up considerably in the days and weeks after this debate. People just need to see her in action, unleashing all her prowess as a prosecutor against the orange felon. Kamala Harris is a deeply impressive person when she's prosecuting a case.",positive
"They have 18-39 year old women at 73% likely to vote with 18-39 year old men at 57%.

Honestly that difference is probably relatively accurate. Women have more  directly at stake this election.",positive
How is it not 90 - 10 Harris? The guys a fucking rapist!,negative
"Trump could grab Harris in the debate tomorrow night, take a swing at her, miss and collapse in a heap of excrement and flies, and not lose a single existing supporter.

But that's not what the remainder of this election is about. The audience is undecided voters, who incredibly still exist.

Undecideds break for the challenger, who is Harris, in spite of her association with Biden.

What percentage of them will vote for Harris? That is the remaining issue.",negative
">*This analysis, produced for ABC News by* [*Langer Research Associates*](https://www.langerresearch.com/)*, finds that support for Harris goes from 54% of all adults younger than 40 to 64% of those identified as likely voters. Trump's support, meanwhile, drops from 42% of adults in this age group to 33% of those likely to vote.*

This is why ""registered voter"" polls should not be taken as seriously as ""likely voter"" polls. There are plenty of cynical, disengaged folks out there with bad ideas that don't vote.",negative
"So after the Siena poll this morning I checked all the polls at RCP and checked out their latest national polls and movement since their last poll

Pew has moved +1 to Trump
HarrisX +2 to Harris
Morning Consult +1 to Trump
NYT actually shows 0 movement since their last poll
Emerson +1 to Trump
Rasmussen +1 Harris
Economist 0 movement 

So basically the race is stabilized.",neutral
"""Why This is Bad News for Kamala Harris""",negative
Yet NYT released a poll with a 10 point swing for Trump today. WTF is going on,negative
Approval ratings in particular are good because it's what tends to influence undecided voters.,positive
"But The NY Times The Daily has ONE poll that shows they’re tied and it shows Trump is on the rise! He’s so strong (while the same poll showed it more even, that Harris has more enthusiasm) and undecided voters who picked her have questions - questions- and that clearly shows Harris looks like a liberal extremist and Trump is the centrist. 

Yeah. I’m not kidding. It was the weirdest sanewashing I’ve heard in ages.",positive
"Is there a betting line for the polls staying neck and neck through the election? I'd like some of that action.

Ignore the polls, encourage everyone to make sure they're registered, or register, and to go vote.",positive
People still need to vote.,neutral
"While good, let’s see this rise start turning into improvements in the polls before getting too excited.",positive
I believe we’ll be seeing more headlines like this one.,positive
Honestly numbers today don't matter.  The debate tomorrow could change everything.,positive
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/harris-support-rises-voters-poll/story?id=113465657) reduced by 85%. (I'm a bot)
*****
> As previously reported, Kamala Harris leads Donald Trump by a slight 4 percentage points, 50-46%, among all adults and registered voters alike, and by 6 points, 52-46%, among likely voters in the latest ABC News/Ipsos poll.

> Harris has 82% support among all Black people, rising to 93% among those who are likely voters.

> Trump pushes back with his 10 point likely voter advantage among white people: they account for 61% of all adults but 71% of likely voters.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/1fcxib9/harris_approval_rating_rises_among_likely_voters/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 2.02, ~693564 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **vote**^#1 **likely**^#2 **among**^#3 **group**^#4 **support**^#5",positive
"I just read yesterday the opposite.  Forget the polls and check your registration, show up and vote because we the people are our only hope.",positive
"This is the only way Harris wins.  Unfortunately, it appears the RFK endorsement had helped Trump a bit.  Even the Arlington Cemetery incident has helped Trump even though it was negative.  Trump is manipulating the media to keep the spotlight on him and it is working.  His verbal diarrhea is attracting more media attention and it is still working to his favor.",positive
“Among likely voters” - magic words for “we pulled it out of our ass”,neutral
This interesting because she has lost steam and is now tied or losing to Trump by 1 point in swing states in latest polling. This is what happens when your campaign is just vibes based and you decided to shift right ward and not go with popular walz positions that gave you momentum. It shouldn’t be close but here we are.,negative
This is all well and good but her odds to win have shrunk considerably last couple of weeks. Go look at the betting trends in Vegas on this race which tend to lead to the actual result. (Usually).    Is it any coincidence it happened right about the time she doubled down on supporting continued arms to Israel and Netanyahu?  Gen X doesn't wanna hear that and she's going to lose Michigan over this.    Almost 70% of Americans are against the continued supplying to Israel and she oddly enough has chosen to go the other way pissing off many of her voters.,positive
Those likely Harris voters would be actual Harris supporters if she would address the giant flaming Palestinians in the room.,positive
"it's still a very positive result!

i'll make sure to do my part and vote. if you haven't registered yet, it's a good time to do it, registration deadlines are coming up. checking if your registration is up to date, is probably also a good idea.

[vote.gov/register](http://vote.gov/register)

you can check your state's voter registration deadline from the website below if you haven't registered yet. after you select your state, there should also be links for you to register/check registration status(registration lookup):

[https://www.eac.gov/voters/register-and-vote-in-your-state](https://www.eac.gov/voters/register-and-vote-in-your-state)",positive
"Sure, but let's be honest. Young males are the most unreliable voter demographic. They'll be too busy watching shitty Russian-funded influencers and gaming to actually get up and vote.",positive
Why oh why did we let Andrew Tate and other hateful fucks brainwash an entire generation of young men?,negative
"If they really want to get that young male vote, they need to acknowledge the loneliness epidemic honestly. It needs to be said that it is something that is heard. I know people are gonna try to spin it as shit about ""inceldom"" but what needs to be actually acknowledged is that these guys need a positive outlet. Don't make it about sex, but about how resources are out there and plans are in place to get people help to get the connections they need.",positive
"[Harris support among young voters is higher than Biden’s.](https://thehill.com/homenews/campaign/4864606-kamala-harris-joe-biden-young-voters/amp/) There are some great numbers within the article.  The polling here for Gen Z seems to be the most accurate. Takeaways: Harris is polling at 70% among young women, and **60% among young men.** For those worrying about Gen Z men - they are still supporting her for the most part.",positive
"I sometimes ask how young males have gotten so behind girls from an educational standpoint. 

Did the US education system start failing boys in the late 90’s and are 00’s, or what?",negative
"25 here. It’s refreshing to see a young candidate again, and while I was super bummed about the prospect of voting for Biden again I am all aboard this train. A young, intelligent, capable president in the White House again. It’s like a stream come true",positive
"Would probably have to drop the anti gun platform.  Firearms are popular among young males especially given the connection to popular video games like COD. 


If you're 20 and excited about buying your first at 21, you're unlikely to support the candidate promising to ban them before you ever own one. 


It might not be your cup of tea,  but for some folks that's a voting issue for them. ",positive
"Will be tough, the average young man's life was better under Trump",positive
I'm a young male for Trump lol,positive
"I'm nervous about tomorrow because they'll just lie and say he won anyway. But if she has a resounding victory and he does poorly, it could really boost harris. Followed by a possible taylor endorsement in October",positive
That's actually a good sign for harris,positive
"If it holds true in the election it's good news at least, but the Likely Voter margins already reflect this I assume.",positive
"It's also more in line historically. Maybe not to that extent, but women tend to vote at higher rates than men.",neutral
"Why the fuck are the polls so close? Especially in swing states, particularly PA. It’s hard to believe any pints of data when things just don’t seem to match up.",negative
I asked my dad this and he said the fact he has the confidence to rape shows he will be a great president,positive
I think many people still don’t really know who Harris is or what she stands for. She just published her policies yesterday. She is a decent candidate so I think she’ll keep improving in the polls.,positive
Statistically Trump had a better term than Biden. People are looking at the numbers,positive
I don't really think there are that many undecideds. It's people who are choosing to vote or not. It's trying to get those who may not vote to actually vote.,neutral
"I have never seen a headline like this about Harris, and I’m tired of seeing this joke.",positive
"""... and also Biden""",neutral
NYT is actively campaigning for Trump nowadays.,positive
"NYT also has a latest poll with him leading the popular vote.

They aren’t a serious news organization anymore.",positive
"[this poll?](https://www.nytimes.com/2024/09/08/us/politics/trump-and-harris-times-siena-poll.html?unlocked_article_code=1.Jk4.oAmV.xlQZRt7MjC6z&smid=nytcore-ios-share&referringSource=articleShare&sgrp=c-cb)

It shows them within the margin of error.",negative
"And yet youth and minority voter registrations have surged more than 2016 or 2020.

So no doom and gloom yet.",negative
It's illegal to vote on politics. So those odds are not coming out of Vegas,negative
"Ya got a poll to back that up? 
I think those voters are probably going to tell you they are concerned about the economy, immigration, and day light savings time before they mention Palestine. 

I assume that voter concerned with Palestine are already consigned themselves to voting for Harris because Trump’s position on Palestine is going to be abysmal. He’d move the embassy to Jerusalem again if he could. 

But I could be wrong",negative
I'm already registered but my vote won't do much in California,neutral
You shouldn't leave any stone unturned in an election. Tim walz could do a great job getting more male voters,positive
"100%, nothing defeatist about this. Almost all of our interests spaces from video games, fitness, to sports are all dominated by shitty manosphere right wing influence. 

It’s easily observable. I witnessed one of my old friends fall victim to the rabbit hole in college around 2016, 8 years later, he’s fucked up. His vote is a lost cause, I’m sorry.

This isn’t you saying we shouldn’t try but let’s be real.",negative
This defeatism rhetoric is very similar to what you would hear from Russian funded influencers.,negative
"I can make the same argument about young women and TikTok

Doesn't mean you shouldn't try",negative
this is why there should be automatic voter registration and also a penalty for not voting.  We need more voters voting!,negative
"I think we have to be careful and still do the effort because the incel podcasters like Tate, Carlson, Rogan, and the Pauls are telling them to for for trump",positive
The only way an Adin Ross type is voting is if his girlfriend helps him register and brings him to vote.,positive
"You can say the same thing about young women: “They’ll be too busy drinking their star bucks and posting on instagram blah blah to vote”—This doesn’t mean they won’t vote, but you shouldn’t give up trying to energize them for Harris.",positive
"Maybe I live in a bubble, but the demographic of young males who listen to Russian influencers cant be that big of a % right? Feels like it cant be that close to the majority of them. Maybe just loud minority of them?",positive
My son asked me to help him to register to vote today. He is excited to vote for Harris. He is also excited to vote against Trump.,positive
This sort of arrogant condescension is part of the problem.,negative
"Great outreach strategy. Shit on them.

You forgot to call them all incels.",positive
"They need to feel like they can contribute to society in a meaningful way. I know it's ridiculous but a lot of them are hopeless about school and work because they feel they will be discriminated against for being young men.

Again, I know it's irrational and ridiculous but a lot of these guys are psychologically unhealthy because they are pumped full of garbage food and garbage information. They need an intervention honestly.",negative
"Young males are way more susceptible to this alpha mindset podcast bullshit, and it's toxic af.

Wildly successful Russian campaigns, imho",neutral
I love it when people making a general statement without mentioning specifics.,positive
"Remember, the goal tomorrow night is to win with the people in the middle, not the party base and definitely not hard core MAGA. Trump lies about winning when he has an awful debate won't carry much water with people not inside MAGA.",positive
"I'm EXTREMELY nervous about tomorrow and the election day itself.

What I can't understand is the obvious; What fucking rock have these ""undecideds"" been living under for the last 9 years? How the shit are there people ""on the fence""? I can't help but feel alarmed that we have to rely on the kind of person that hasn't yet seen enough of Trump to know that the dude is a dumb fucking psycho. 

I can't lie, the real thing I want to say isn't about the precise topic of this thread. I need to vent to anyone who will listen about the fact that Trump has now taken a slight lead in the polls. We've all been riding high on enthusiasm and I genuinely started to think that America finally got its act together. I literally might start crying tonight. 

Like, I get how Trump won over people the first time around. I mean, it was very fucking obvious back then what kind of person trump was, but I get that people wanted a break from establishment politicians. I mean, it was batshit crazy to vote for this guy back then, but at least I can see that people who weren't paying attention would go wrong.

But now? Fucking now!?

It makes me feel like I'm taking crazy pills because what in the actual fuck, America? After all the damage that he did the first time around, how in the...

I could write about this all night, but I'm preaching to the choir and I know you know what I mean. So, I'll resist the urge to write an entire series of books on this. I just absolutely NEED to tell someone that I'm FUCKING TERRIFIED.  And I'm not so confident that Kamala is going to do as well as a lot of us have assumed. There are legit arguments that it may not go as well as we would think it would. Trump isn't beholden to the truth and if people that are STILL undecided haven't figured that out yet, then this debate will be a battle of soundbites. I still think she will very much outperform him, but will these people be able to tell? If they can't tell already, then I can't possibly imagine the mind of someone like that.

Sorry. But if you read all that, just know that I appreciate the shit out of you for doing so. I needed to let that out.",negative
"Yup, she has to knock it out of the park to even win.. Good ole MSM.",positive
"People don't generally look back at 2012 as a close election but Sept-Oct was as close as we're currently seeing. Take a look at the toss up states that year and how the polling averages moved. Colorado, Iowa, Florida, Virginia, North Carolina, Ohio, New Hampshire, & Wisconsin.

In National polls Obama generally led by 1-4 points in Sept and trailed most of Oct. He went into election night with less than a 1 point aggregate lead in national polling.

Obama's ground game was amazing and he outperformed polling nearly everywhere. Dems even kept a Senate seat in a deep red state that everyone was predicting they'd lose (North Dakota). Hoping we see a similar type of election this year.",positive
"Trump has a lot of support in rural PA towns.

Source: thine own eyes",positive
…Jesus Christ,neutral
Wtaf?! Only a raging asshole or someone insane would say that.,negative
Wait....what the fuck,negative
what in the shit,positive
Cmon….really????,neutral
People are looking at fucked up numbers if they’re concluding THAT. Trump was a disaster.,negative
The guy who exploded the deficit? Or does the deficit only matter when democrats are in office.,negative
"Of course, it’s not exactly that, but the headlines generally have an incredibly negative tone to them. For example, the title on the NYT’s The Daily podcast yesterday was “The Harris Honeymoon is Over.” The reality is no where near as ominous as that title would have you believe, but that title and the podcast’s content was insanely generous toward Dump after the last couple of public fuck ups he has had.",negative
"But if people don't say it ad nauseum, how else do you expect them to get effortless, fake Internet points?


Plus, we can't ignore the fact that something someone once said that was amusing or funny becomes exponentially more so every time someone else repeats it.",positive
Okay.,positive
They’re considered a 3/3 star poll company by 538 right now.,neutral
"The key to polls is that you don’t cherry pick which ones you publish. You publish them all and acknowledge that they may be an outlier, or indicate a new trend.",neutral
Yes margin of error but the same pollster is a 6 point swing.,neutral
"I read the entire poll earlier today, in my unprofessional opinion, the sample is not well representative of the expected electorate. It over samples males by 3%, assumes same turnout between republicans and dems- which isn’t an outrageous assumption, but not what we saw in midterms, or in current voter enthusiasm.",positive
"That was pre convention. She has no post convention bump now we are in a statistical tie when she should be dumpstering Trump. F the Cheneys, stop recalibrating to a mythical center, courting R’s and go get the easy votes who will come on board with simple policy changes. This feels like 2016 redux.",positive
"You can easily wager bets from anywhere in the world with a VPN - illegal or not.  I guarantee Vegas has a LARGE amount of money on the election, unofficially of course.",negative
We need voters in blue states to do phone banking and canvassing in swing states too! Civic duty doesn't start and end at the polling booth!,neutral
Every vote DOES something. Down ballot matters just as much if not more than the president. The local races affect the national but more importantly the affect YOU.,positive
Every vote counts if only to embarrass the hell out of trump with the popular vote too! ❤️,negative
"fair enough, votes for congress is important too.",positive
It will down-ballot,neutral
"Are you sure about that? Do you which district you’re in?

Reminder to California Democrats, we have multiple congressional races to keep an eye on: 

District 13: Flipped Red in 2022 for the first time since 1974 and was decided by a few hundred votes. 

District 22: Republican incumbent won by 4,000 votes in 2022.

District 27: The only swing district in Los Angeles. Republican incumbent won by 333 votes in 2020 and 13,000 in 2022. 

District 41: Hosts the longest serving Republican in the California delegation who only won by 11,000 votes in 2022.

District 47: Katie Porter’s abandoned seat. The Republican candidate she narrowly beat is running again to try and flip the seat back to Red.",positive
"Jordan Petersen: *make your bed or your Jungian alpha werelobster balls will wither from unuse!*

Tim Walz: *looks like your spark plugs are ready to be changed, want me to show you how? Oh and keep those gutters clean, trust me, your foundation will thank you.*",positive
"the type of males that have fallen down the right wing rabbit hole do not respect tim walz type of masculinity. many of them did not have such a model of masculinity in their lives as children, or became jaded towards it when it didn't get them laid magically. cruelty and callousness is intimately connected to masculinity for these males.",negative
"Yup young coworker of mine isnt voting and im kinda glad cause i get gem quotes from him like. ""Andrew tate be spittin facts though if you think about it, women are f**king useless other than cooking."" 

I am real worried about our gen z dipsticks.",positive
"It's so annoying trying to keep your algorithm clean of right wing bs as a dude. Watch one video about a historical firearm and suddenly your entire feed is stuff to get you down the alt right platform. 

Also I say this as a firm progressive and Democrat, we aren't exactly welcoming to the type of dude the alt right targets.",negative
"Young men are the front lines of the Russia disinformation campaign and have had their whole worldviews twisted. There will be a time to bring some back, but sometimes when In a close race better to convince them their vote is just reinforcing a broken system. These are lazy and self-absorbed people at their core and any excuse to stay home will be met with a sigh of relief. ",positive
"Gamergate fucked absolutely everything up about entertainment. As soon as angry right-wing men burst up through the floorboards to grab hold of entertainment to prevent women, minorities and LGBT people somehow tainting their precious man cave escapism, their influence contaminated everything.",positive
"It's important to continue to encourage young people to vote because it's going to affect their lives longer than the ones making the decisions... but lets not pretend low turnout among young people hasn't been an issue for decades. I'm 40 and it's been a problem longer than I've been alive.

Not every unfortunate fact is a Russian psyop.",positive
"This is not rhetoric; it is a fact backed by empirical evidence, and it favors Kamala over Trump. but ok.    

https://cawp.rutgers.edu/facts/voters/gender-differences-voter-turnout",positive
"Young women have more of their shit together. I'm not saying we shouldn't try, just that Trump's manosphere strategy might not be the sharpest one.",negative
I think it's better to have a federal holiday for voting,positive
"Yeah that’ll definitely get the vote. 

“You aren’t worth appealing to… you’re too far gone anyway.”

“Well alright then, if you say so. Makes the choice easy”",positive
Bannon built a pipeline using Gamer Gate as a homing beacon. The right has been after gamers for quite a while now.,neutral
"Lower inflation, lower national credit card debt, lower mortgage rates, should I continue?",negative
"I'd argue it's also to help encourage Democrats and Democratic leaning voters to come out on election day. So much of campaigning is just getting your base out there, and the debate is a great chance to do just that since a lot of Democratic leaning voters don't know a ton about her since she entered the race so late.",positive
"Spot on, people on the left and far right have their mind made up, this debate is for everyone else.",neutral
That's true.,positive
">  she has to knock it out of the park to even win

That's to tie, she has to completely dismantle him AND he needs to storm off the stage or call her bitch for her to be considered the clear winner.",positive
My god I hope this is what happens this year. I just don’t currently have enough faith in humanity since historically Trump outperforms the polls. I really hope it’s different this year.,positive
From your mouth to gods ears.,neutral
I miss my father from when I was 9,negative
"I mean he has a massive confederate flag out front, so he is both of those things",neutral
"The kind of people who took the ""dicks fuck pussies but also fuck assholes"" speech from Team America seriously ",negative
"Lower mortgage rates, lower inflation, lower national credit card debt.

Trump also kept USA out of major wars. 

Just speaking facts :)",negative
"Yep, there's nothing more thrilling than seeing a comment accrue *13 whole upvotes*. Truly, what a wild ride it's been.",positive
"No Republican has won the popular vote in 20 years.

But keep lecturing me.

The fundamentals of these NYT polls are awful.",negative
Im honestly not the best representative for the harris campaign with my speaking skills,negative
Tim walz would teach you to change your car's oil. JD Vance would yell at you and tell you to hold the flash light steady.,neutral
"I wish you weren't right, but you are unfortunately. Masculinity has been entangled in toxic traits for far too long. I hope Walz can break through some of that as he seems like a truly good guy.",positive
"Eventually the Dems need influencers and media personalities to tell it like it is. These young men are choosing to become incels and, through their toxic behavior,are looking at futures as lonely losers. If the GOP wants more white babies, then whiny little chamers like this are more of a problem than an army of cat ladies.   


Men used to get more conservative as they aged after getting married and having kids. Being conservative was a form of letting themselves go. These young men are letting themselves go before they even have been on a date. At this point, no sane woman will even agree to a first date.


The only people who benefit from out young men being toxic and driving away suitors are countries that want America to fail. Countries like Russia. ",negative
nobody tell him about blowjobs I guess 🙄,neutral
I routinely block right-wing bullshit as a 40 year old man and within a few hours I'm getting stuff bitching about the Acolyte or Captain Marvel and I know if I let it go longer I'll start getting hardcore right wing bullshit. It's insane how fast algorithms steer you there.,negative
"But discouraging making a greater effort (which is exactly what the poster I originally replied to is doing), is exactly what the GOP and the Russians want people to think.

Even if the poster isn't directly affiliated or even if they are unintentionally pushing an agenda that benefits the GOP, it is a defeatist attitude and it does benefit the opposition.

Young male turnout is low and it is a potentially powerful demographic so we SHOULD be doing everything we can to get that part of the vote out.",positive
"You literally said we shouldn't try to do a better job courting young male voters because it's won't matter because they won't show up anyway.

It's a demographic we need to improve on and those improvements are made by making an effort.

To argue that we shouldn't make an effort is defeatist and exactly what the GOP and the Russians would want, whether you are intentionally pushing their propaganda or not.",positive
Let’s be real - young women have far more at stake in this election than the men do.,neutral
I think both,neutral
"What's ""young""? I'm 40 now and I'm definitely better off today than I was under Trump's presidency. Considering the US has outpaced the rest of the world in managing inflation post-Covid and the Fed might well cut rates this month, I'd say Trump has virtually no policies to speak of (looking at his website) that I would be interested in happening.",positive
"NYT/WaPo: ""Trump Excuses Self Early From Debate Following Terse Exchange With Harris""

Followed by several paragraphs of equivocating drivel and criticism of Harris for not providing enough policy details in her prescribed 90 second answers.",negative
"Good news, dems have been outperforming polls as well",positive
Here’s a shot of hopium to consider: 2016 campaign was well funded but by all accounts that I’ve read the ground game was disorganized. 2020 the ground game was non-existent due to Covid while Republican Party was hitting the streets. This is the first election since 2012 where democrats are not only emphasizing the ground game but have a decided advantage in it,positive
Mine went down the Fox Hole too but then he got dementia. Net loss but I don’t have to hear about Obama this and Obama that anymore.,negative
"He was probably the same person, you just didn't see that part of him as a kid.",neutral
"Blew up inflation, horribly mishandled Covid, tried to overthrow the government when he lost, multiple felon, rapist, stole top secret documents. 

Set Americans against each other using propaganda bullshit. 

But, yeah, milk was a nickel cheaper (nothing Trump did impacted this)",negative
I didn’t say they have. Not did I suggest he would. But keep lecturing me. I referenced a pollster rating that is genuinely regarded positively as a way to point out conflicting polling data today. Didn’t say anything positive or negative.,positive
"I don't know about in your area, but there were more data entry related volunteer jobs too last I checked. It's worth investigating!",positive
"If you’re not up for telephone calls, you can write and send [postcards](https://turnoutpac.org/postcards/) to swing states!",neutral
While pouring 10w30 into the wiper fluid resevoir.,neutral
That is the most accurate and accessible comparison of the two I've seen yet.,neutral
"I made this comment last night, but I'll reiterate it - YouTube is extremely infested with ragebait and so many channels are cropping up to basically shit on anything that can potentially make someone happy, from TV shows and movies to music, video games and literature, even shopping, vacations and using basic tech. According to YouTube, every single franchise and form of entertainment and escapism is going to shit and there's no reason to be happy anymore, and these videos lead to other videos where literally everything else in society is supposedly going to shit, too. I block and block and block but more just shows up. It's ALL designed to make people extremely hopeless, depressed and cynical so that they devolve into right-wing, hypernostalgic manchildren who think that electing literal fascists will someone make everything good again, like the good old days before ""woke"" and ""DEI"" somehow destroyed our lives. And people fall for it, in the millions. It's depressing and extremely misleading.",negative
I don't think penalizing people for not voting is indicative of a  free and healthy society.,positive
"Regardless, the average American had a lot more buying power during Trumps term.",neutral
"""To be fair to Trump, Harris did have a very direct and stern tone""",positive
Or just onto the reservoir without taking off the cap. ,neutral
He’d drain the coolant and double fill the oil.,neutral
"Yes. And it's not just YouTube either,  I blocked four different accounts on Instagram trying to get me to watch clips from the Don Lemon and Elon Musk interview. It's batshit.",positive
"As opposed to when? Considering Trump's average of 1.9%. Can you illustrate which of his policies specifically you see lowering inflation and returning American buying power?

The first three years under Trump had inflation rates of 2.1%, 2.1%, 1.9%. Using inflation as a metric of economic health, which of Trump's policies do you think is responsible for nearly tripling the rate of inflation from the last year of Obama's term?",positive
"As opposed to now, I can't tell if you're being willfully ignorant or if you actually think Americans have more buying power today than they did 5 years ago. 

Gas was more affordable during Trumps term. Trump kept USA out of major wars. War is expensive & affects gas prices greatly. 

Or we could use the real estate market as an example. 

Take the price of the average home in your state, and divide it by the average household income. Compare that number now to what it was in 2017/2018.

Statistically, the average American simply had more buying power during Trumps term as opposed to Biden/Kamala term. 

I'm not here to debate Obama. I think he'd win if it was him running against Trump.",negative
"So you can't illustrate which of his policies will lower inflation and return American buying power? Got it. Heard and noted.

I do not think Americans have greater buying power, no. That would defy common economic reality to even suggest that, so not sure why you're assuming that.

So, we're giving credit to Trump 'keeping us out of major wars' while escalating military strikes significantly over his predecessor? Or are we ignoring his escalations because there was no 'name banner' war? I never get a straight answer about this. One of his policies calls for increased military spending, anyhow.

As for the real estate market, I was reviewing Trump's Agenda 47. I don't see him providing any policy proposals for addressing the housing crisis. Can you elaborate how you think he will address this crisis? Again, you can keep pointing to stuff, but you're very obviously dodging pointing out which of Trump's policies specifically are going to make a difference.

Once again, acknowledging the challenges with inflation (but also promising trends with wage growth), can you point to substantive policies during Trump's Presidency or his current proposals that will tackle inflation, the housing market, and sure I guess gas prices.",negative
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"This is brilliant! 

 A textbook example of ""thinking outside the box!"" It should be the fossil fuel industry footing the bill since this is literally their garbage we're taking out. But still, the work needs to begin as soon as possible!",positive
">Today [September 5th], the Department of Commerce and NOAA recommended more than $23 million in funding to support marine debris removal and interception efforts for 13 multi-year projects across 10 coastal U.S. states, three territories and the District of Columbia. This funding is provided by NOAA’s Climate-Ready Coasts initiative under the Biden-Harris Administration’s Bipartisan Infrastructure Law as part of President Biden’s Investing in America agenda. 

>The Climate-Ready Coasts initiative is focused on creating climate solutions by storing carbon; building resilience to coastal hazards such as extreme weather events, pollution and marine debris; restoring coastal habitats; building the capacity of coastal  communities; and supporting community-driven restoration.  
...  
Following a competitive merit review process, NOAA recommended projects from two opportunities, which focused either on large marine debris removal or the installation, monitoring and maintenance of interception technologies that capture marine debris at or close to the source. Recommended awardees are targeting the largest and most damaging debris to provide tangible benefits to coastal and marine habitats, communities and economies across the nation.  
...  
Nine of the 13 projects are concentrated on the removal and disposal of large marine debris, such as abandoned and derelict vessels and fishing gear. The remaining four projects are centered on deploying proven interception technologies to capture trash, including plastic bottles, food wrappers and other persistent debris from urban environments before it enters the nation’s waterways. All selected projects are anticipated to advance equity and deliver benefits in tribal and other coastal communities facing environmental and climate challenges.  
...

List of recipients for this latest round founding is in the press release. Statement from U.S. Secretary of Commerce Gina Raimondo:

>“The Biden-Harris Administration is funding critical projects like these that will help remove and address harmful marine debris that can significantly impact water quality, habitats and economic prosperity in coastal communities across the nation,” said U.S. Secretary of Commerce Gina Raimondo. “These investments, made possible thanks to President Biden’s historic Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, will help improve coastal communities for decades to come by making sure they have the necessary resources to protect their ecosystems and local economies from the impacts of marine debris, which are exacerbated by climate change.”

-

In other press releases:

* [Biden-Harris Administration Announces New Mexico's Launch of Federal Home Energy Rebates Program Helping Lower Families' Utility Bills | New Mexico Households Can Receive up to $14,000 Through the Home Energy Rebate Programs to Save Energy and Save Money on Energy-Efficient Home Upgrades](https://www.energy.gov/articles/biden-harris-administration-announces-new-mexicos-launch-federal-home-energy-rebates)

-

Enforcement:

* [CBP, FURA seize 588 pounds of cocaine, arrest two US Citizens near Rincon, Puerto Rico](https://www.cbp.gov/newsroom/local-media-release/cbp-fura-seize-588-pounds-cocaine-arrest-two-us-citizens-near-rincon)

* [Port of San Luis CBP Officers Foil Child Smuggling Attempt](https://www.cbp.gov/newsroom/local-media-release/port-san-luis-cbp-officers-foil-child-smuggling-attempt)

* [CBP officers seize $701K in narcotics at Eagle Pass Port of Entry](https://www.cbp.gov/newsroom/local-media-release/cbp-officers-seize-701k-narcotics-eagle-pass-port-entry)

* [Florida Man Sentenced for Assaulting Law Enforcement During Jan. 6 Capitol Breach](https://www.justice.gov/usao-dc/pr/florida-man-sentenced-assaulting-law-enforcement-during-jan-6-capitol-breach-4)

* [Four defendants plead guilty to defrauding Virginia Medicaid](https://www.justice.gov/usao-edva/pr/four-defendants-plead-guilty-defrauding-virginia-medicaid)",positive
Rural voters will vote against this lol,positive
I needed this news after the Grand Barrier Reef news yesterday. Restores my faith a little bit that some people in power still care.,positive
"Everyday they try and do a little bit of good. It might not work out, but they try. A bit here, a bit there. 

That's what makes them both great. Even with a locked up Congress, they keep trying. 

Mighty fine folks.",positive
"""There [sic] making the oceans woke!""",neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"I just can't make up my mind, do these people hate her more because they're misogynists or because they're racists? Do they ever wake up in the middle of the night confused because they don't know which hateful impulse to follow?",negative
"After a check of the use of ""Hawk tuah"" on this subreddit,

yes, they were here too.",positive
"The silver lining here is that none of these attacks appear to be getting any real traction with most voters.  Kamala’s strategy of not addressing obvious lies from the Right has kind of taken all the wind out their sails.  If she won’t take them seriously, it sort of upends the childish playbook they are running.

Most of the American people long for a normal, compassionate, coherent, and trustworthy adult on the ballot and finally have one.",positive
"So… They paid people to do what Trump and his campaign and gop surrogates and his cult and Fox were already doing?

I bet the anonymous right wingers got their money from Russia too.",neutral
"It did not take long for those online rumors to get turned into disgusting sexually explicit, racist, and massively misogynistic bumper stickers and flags proudly adorning maga vehicles. 

. I live in a Beach town with visitors from all over, mostly boomers, and have seen so many Kamala BJ stickers including graphic outlines and things about swallowing put on nice 4 ft by 6 ft flags and flown off the back of pickups and jeeps right next to the Trump flag. The idea of having children on the roads be exposed to that randomly going down the street is really disturbing and shows how out of touch from decency these people can be.",negative
Featuring everyone's good friend George Santos (who admonished the group and ended up having no part in it).,positive
So Santos was a voice of reason here? What a weird day.,negative
Slander is one of the hallmarks of Roger Stone and donald trump's campaign strategy. Is it really a secret as to who's behind this?,neutral
"Meanwhile, no one needs to smear Trump, because the Truth is probably more awful than even what all these trials have uncovered. 

Why was he hanging out with Epstein? What was he doing in Moscow? Why is he so keen for Ukraine to surrender to fascist invaders? Why does he praise our enemies and insult our veterans?",negative
"Why don’t we find out who started those rumors and start rumors about them? Or at least sue for slander.  
I just feel like it’s time people start to push back on this stuff.",positive
/r/FuckTimPool,neutral
"Well, at least we now know that Russian money is behind a lot of this. 
Tell you everything you need to know about “making America great again “.,, 
No, … it’s not.",positive
Trump himself has shared those on his failing website which isn't shocking because he's a fucking idiot with zero morals,negative
Secretive?,neutral
"“Secretive”, you say?  When have they ever bothered to be “secretive”?",negative
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.salon.com/2024/09/09/secretive-right-wing-network-paid-influencers-to-spread-smears-about-kamala-harris-report/) reduced by 62%. (I'm a bot)
*****
> An anonymous conservative network paid a group of influencers to promote sexual smears and rumors about Democratic nominee Kamala Harris, Semafor reported.

> The network began as a campaign that paid influencers to push standard pro-Donald Trump rhetoric like insulting President Joe Biden&#039;s mental capabilities and accusing Democrats of weaponizing the Department of Justice amidst the former president&#039;s hush-money case.

> In a call on July 22, just a day after Biden dropped out, the influencers were told to share various sexual rumors and smears about Harris, including comparing her to the &quot;Hawk Tuah&quot; girl.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/1fctpr2/secretive_rightwing_network_paid_influencers_to/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 2.02, ~693552 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Semafor**^#1 **influencer**^#2 **call**^#3 **Harris**^#4 **sexual**^#5",positive
Social media is really going to be the end of us,neutral
"Now they’re leaving out the part that they were paid by Russia, it’s now “secretive”",neutral
Here's James Bacon: https://www.virginiabusiness.com/article/bacon-named-executive-director-of-jefferson-council/,neutral
Unfortunately plenty also doing it for free.,positive
A woman has sex?????? Guess she can’t get my vote. /s,neutral
Does this surprise anyone familiar with the GOP playbook?,positive
"I saw this at work on FB for a bit. 

It didn't track, because a) people understand that dating exists and b) anything Harris would be ""accused"" of was nothing compared to Vance's anti-integrity soul-fellating of Donald Trump to get his job.",negative
Money?,neutral
"Everytime I come across one of these attacks, I hit them back with the 'fact' that Trump got all his money from his father which made him give equally real blowjobs in exchange for his inheritance.

It's as real as the ones they claim. Turn about is fair play.",positive
Defamation suit.,neutral
Sounds like Santos needs to be subpoenaed to reveal who the call organizers were.,positive
"Most likely Peter Thiel , he is the mastermind of a lot of these things",neutral
Well good for her!,positive
"Seems hackers should be able to trace this!

Is it Musk?  Theil? Moscow? 

We want to know names behind this smear.",negative
"> Secretive


“Totally not bankrolled by Russian money”",neutral
"You mean like how the left spreads sexual smears about Trump?  Ok...Pot, meet Kettle.",positive
¿Por que no los dos?,negative
"[Leonard Leo has BILLIONS to burn through](https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2022/08/leonard-leo-billion-donation-real-problem.html) at the Heritage Foundation.  If there's an idiot way to burn money in support of the right, it's on the table.",negative
"Answer: They hate her **most** simply because she's a Democrat.

(Hint: Conservatives really, really really, really really really really hate the notion of paying taxes; quite possibly the strongest hate known to man)",negative
"I mean seriously. If you have a 50 IQ, you can compare notes between the two candidates and see which one provides a future for the majority of the country. It's a no friggn' brainer if you're not a millionaire and intend to live in this country for at least the next 4-8 years.",negative
"They don't hate her, they just want Trump to win so they want to inspire hate from social media addicted morons in any way possible.",positive
I think it's definitely more a race thing because I remember many many Hawk-T for president memes being shared by the orange man's minions.,positive
"If you want to really screw with your mind. What about neither.

Quite a few probably don't care either way, but since she's a Democrat they'll undermine her whatever way is most expedient.

But what else are they going to use? ""She was a prosecutor and locked up tons of... black..  people....."".",negative
Yes,positive
"I am sure they wake up and sleep confused.  However, with 3 of the richest men in the world supporting him and control practically  everything the criminal  sex abused can win. I am not going back",positive
They are just Evil bro,negative
The answer is yes,positive
I wonder if the ones who posted that stuff for free feel foolish.,positive
People will wonder if Alec Lace was paid: https://x.com/AlecLace/status/1815854696114098613?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1815854696114098613%7Ctwgr%5E%7Ctwcon%5Es1_&ref_url=safari-reader%3A%2F%2Fwww.thedailybeast.com%2Ffox-business-guest-alec-lace-calls-kamala-harris-the-original-hawk-tuah-girl,neutral
"The most traction the ""slept her way to the DA title"" trope ever received was in 2020 with the Bernie Bots collective, Russia representing.",neutral
"The town one over from my parents (have to drive through it to get to theirs) has had so many issues with this one jackass who lives right across from the elementary school flying a ""FUCK JOE BIDEN"" flag. I haven't been through since the dem shakeup, but he had been asked by the school, several parents, and his neighbors to at least just swap it for a regular Trump flag. And he's a qanoner, think-of-the-children type. Wtf.",negative
Hey watch it these are good Christians you’re talking about!,positive
Also remember they are the ‘pro-life’ and law and order party. Fcking hypocrites projecting their own shit.,negative
"And yet, somehow they find the idea of drag queen story time and trans people existing to be sexual content that children should not be exposed to.",negative
"Yeah that was the most shocking thing about this. Like, when Santos is the pillar of morality, you know you're beyond the pale.",positive
"Most likely, the guy was attempting to negociate a play deal for his criminal case,, during this period, of course he thought that he was too old for this shit.",negative
"The rumors were started by David Dennison, people are saying.",neutral
The instigator isn't him. The journalists confirm that it was not his voice.,neutral
What sexual smears does the left spread about Trump? The one about him being an adjudicated rapist?,negative
"**Trump**: ""Yeah that's her with the gold. I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her. You know I'm automatically attracted to beautiful... I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet. Just kiss. I don't even wait. And when you're a star they let you do it. You can do anything.""


**Bush**: ""Whatever you want.""



**Trump**: ""Grab them by the pussy. You can do anything.""",positive
Just sectional smears about Vance.,neutral
"To be fair, he gave them a lot of material to work with by using his own words in a bus how he likes to grab women by the

Yeah, OK",positive
Lawsuits are legal documents not smears.,neutral
And now hearing Spanish puts them in a deporting mood.,neutral
"I agree, they are just trying to find ways to smear her. Unfortunately, women are targeted for sex and looks related smearing.",negative
"Yes! I’ve only recently learned how strong this hate is! They really think their salaries should not be taxed at all! I mean, I’d love that too, but it’s just not realistic and no candidate from either side is going to be able to accomplish that.",positive
Some just want a pay check!  The other side doesn’t pay well!!,positive
"If they were intelligent, they would.  At least that would have a small chance of actually causing Democrats to hesitate.  

But they don't get their endorphins unless they're pissing off Democrats by being racist/sexist/homophobic/etc.",negative
That's a transparent attempt to get Black voters (and progressives) to stay home and not vote.,neutral
"Most of the time, no.

Even with the most solid proofs that they were used and tricked, put right before their eyes, those people will always choose to go deeper in the conspiracy/moronic mindset.",positive
"Bullseye.

So, this clown used the attack, July 23rd, one day after the July 22nd zoom meeting pointed by Semafor.

Good luck to explain it's just a coincidence.",positive
"If anyone's the OG Hawk Tuah, its Nancy Reagan.",neutral
"It's one of those things that's probably never going to get much traction once you remember that after that, most of her jobs were elected positions, so unless they're arguing that she slept with tens or hundreds of thousands of people, she had to be qualified for the job.",negative
"> ""slept her way to the DA title""

This is why the whole line of attack is stupid. Like, let's accept for argument's sake that she got her start through a minor appointment from Willie Brown. The last 20 years of her career have been in elected office... so she fucked all of the voters who elected her to DA in San Fransisco? Then her re-elect? Then the electors for her AG run? Then again for *that* re-elect? Then for the senate? That's over 15 million votes (not including primaries) in a 13-year period. She's fucking over 3000 people per day in addition to all her political duties just to keep up! Honestly at this point you just need to admire the endurance.",negative
"I can't recall a time I heard someone say ""he's a good Christian man"" and not be referencing some pedo or ripoff artist.",positive
Their candidate cheated on all three of his wives. And is a felon and rapist too.,negative
"I honestly had to read it like, 5 times to be sure I'd read it right.",positive
"Buddy, hearing Ojibwe puts them in a deporting mood.",neutral
"It’s going to be bloody, because non-whites are subhuman to Republicans.",negative
*makes sure rifle is semi automatic and well polished*,positive
"Not about their opinions, I know they don't have shame, but that they did free work like suckers while the others were getting paid.",positive
"But if these same idiots believe that a deep state controls who takes power, then their obvious line of attack is that she slept with her deep state handler or whatever. 

Whatever nonsense to deflect from the obvious truth: that she is an infinitely better qualified candidate and person than Trump could ever hope to be or even pretend to be.",positive
"The biggest, stupidest part of all of this, if it was true which it's not, why the fuck are we not going after the men who gave out jobs like candy for sexual favors? Those would be the people who made the stupid decision to give away power!!!! 

If someone came up to me and said here is a cushy job and all you had to do was sleep with me, they should be the one getting flak for moronic and incompetent hiring practices! Not the person getting the job! What the fuck!",negative
"There's the dad in this christian TV show, *Seventh Heaven*

.wait....",positive
"Because what normal people see as a con or a good way to have legal problems, they see it as job interview or a golden ticket.

Look what Habba did to be recruted by Trump, she was not paid for it.",positive
"Yes yes, but the point is, you’re a woman (assuming the classic power dynamic of jobs for sexual favors is where the man is proposing the favors). Blaming the man would be absurd. /s",positive
"Also that, excellent point.",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"**Positions:**

1. Fight to raise the minimum wage.

2. End sub-minimum wages for tipped workers and people with disabilities.

3. Establish paid family and medical leave.

4. Eliminate taxes on tips for service and hospitality workers. 

5. Rolling back Trump’s tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans.

6.  Enacting a billionaire minimum tax.

7. Quadrupling the tax on stock buybacks

8. The tax rate on long-term capital gains for those earning a million dollars a year or more will be 28 percent.

9. Provide first-time homebuyers with up to $25,000 to help with their down payments

10. A comprehensive plan to build three million more rental units and homes that are affordable to end the national housing supply crisis in her first term.

11. Cut red tape to make sure we build more housing faster and penalize firms that hoard available homes to drive up prices for local homebuyers.

12. Sign legislation to outlaw new forms of price fixing by corporate landlords.

13. Expand the startup expense tax deduction for new businesses from $5,000 to $50,000.

14. Take on the everyday obstacles and red tape that can make it harder to grow a small business.

15. Drive venture capital to the talent that exists all across our country including in rural areas

16. Increase the share of federal contract dollars going to small businesses.

17. Crack down on anti-competitive practices that let big corporations jack up prices and undermine the competition that allows all businesses to thrive while keeping prices low for consumers.

18. Go after bad actors who exploit an emergency to rip off consumers by calling for the first-ever federal ban on corporate price gouging on food and groceries.

19. Take on Big Pharma to lower drug prices and cap insulin costs, not just for seniors but for all Americans.

20. Bring down prescription drug costs by taking on pharmacy middlemen, who raise consumers’ prices for their own gain and squeeze independent pharmacies’ profits.

21. Will make affordable health care a right, not a privilege by expanding and strengthening the Affordable Care Act.

22. Making permanent the Biden-Harris tax credit enhancements that are lowering health care premiums by an average of about $800 a year for millions of Americans.

23. Bringing down the cost of lifesaving prescription drugs for Medicare beneficiaries by extending the $35 cap on insulin and $2,000 cap on out-of-pocket spending for seniors to all Americans.

24. Work with states to cancel medical debt for even more Americans.

25. Combat maternal mortality. 

26. Strengthen Social Security and Medicare for the long haul by making millionaires and billionaires pay their fair share in taxes.

27. Continue to support American leadership in semiconductors, clean energy, AI, and other cutting edge industries of the future.

28. Fight for unions; sign landmark pro-union legislation, including the PRO Act to support workers who choose to organize and bargain and the Public Service Freedom to Negotiate Act to make the freedom for public service workers to form unions the law of the land.

29. Ensure parents can afford high-quality child care and preschool for their children.

30. Strengthen public education and training.

31. Continue working to end the unreasonable burden of student loan debt and fight to make higher education more affordable.

32. Expanding high-quality home care services for seniors and people with disabilities.

33. Tackle the climate crisis.

34. Advance environmental justice.

35. Protect public lands and public health.

36. Increases resilience to climate disasters.

37. Lower household energy costs.

38. Creates millions of new jobs.

39. Continue to hold polluters accountable.

40. Women to make decisions about their own bodies, and not have the government tell them what to do.

41. Defend reproductive freedom and safeguard the privacy of patients and providers.

42. Will never allow a national abortion ban to become law. 

43. Ensure that Americans have the opportunity to participate in our democracy by passing the John Lewis Voting Rights and the Freedom to Vote Acts—laws that will enshrine voting rights protections, expand vote-by-mail and early voting, and more.

44. Continue to protect Americans from discrimination, building on her work to secure $2 billion in funding for Offices of Civil Rights across the federal government.

45. Defend the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride.

46. Fight to pass the Equality Act to enshrine anti-discrimination protections for LGBTQI+ Americans in health care, housing, education, and more into law. 

47. Fight so that Americans have the freedom to live safe from gun violence in our schools, communities, and places of worship.

48. Ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines.

49. Require universal background checks.

50. Support red flag laws that keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people. 

51. Continue to invest in funding law enforcement.

52. Build upon proven gun violence prevention programs that have helped reduce violent crime.

53. Bring back the bipartisan border security bill and sign it into law.

54. Our immigration system is broken and needs comprehensive reform that includes strong border security and an earned pathway to citizenship.

55. Sign the bipartisan border bill that will fund detection technology to intercept even more illicit drugs.

56. Fight to end the opioid epidemic.

57. Ensure that no former president has immunity for crimes committed while in the White House.

58. Support common-sense Supreme Court reforms—like requiring Justices to comply with ethics rules that other federal judges are bound by and imposing term limits.

59. Fight to end veteran homelessness.

60. Invest in mental health and suicide prevention efforts.

61. Eliminating barriers to employment and expanding economic opportunity for military and veteran families.

62. Stand up for Israel’s right to defend itself and she will always ensure Israel has the ability to defend itself. She and President Biden are working to end the war in Gaza, such that Israel is secure, the hostages are released, the suffering in Gaza ends, and the Palestinian people can realize their right to dignity, security, freedom, and self-determination.",positive
"OK, this is exciting.

Fox News has been bleating about lack of policies for about 6 weeks now.

OK, so now let's have a policy debate.",positive
"It's a good move.  Most folks want to know her position on things and what she's planning to do once elected.  Getting this down on paper fulfills those wants.  It also places her VASTLY ahead of Trump who has no agenda and is incredibly wishy-washy on every single talking point ever brought up.  Instead, he just rambles.  In stark contrast Kamala has high clarity and vision.  This also stabilizes her talking points, and it prevents opposition insinuating the opposite.  She put it on paper.  If it says ""I'm strong on the border, and here's my 6 point plan for that."", it leaves little for counter argument or narrative of being weak on the border.  She can detail this out as far as she wants to leave no room for suggestion otherwise.

Equally, she can counter argue that Trump is extremely vague on topics, has no stance on anything, and bring up every topic he's ever flopped on, including most recently abortion.",negative
1994 assault weapons ban is on the table it seems,negative
"Trump:  “we want to return abortion rights to the states!”

Republican governors when abortion bills get voted on:  “no no, not like that.”

Vote people. We need overwhelming blue representation at **all** levels to help fix this mess",negative
Here comes the moving of the  goal posts,neutral
"Oh man, what will maga scream and cry about now that she’s done a sit down interview and has her policy positions in a place where everyone can access them?",negative
"Hammer Project 2025 in the debate.

Also point out Mango has stated numerous times he's going to pardon the J6 people.",positive
"I can see the debate going the following way:

Harris - these are my policies. This is what Trump wants to do under project 2025

Trump- I don’t know what project 2025 is. Those aren’t my policies

Harris - then what are your policies

Trump - [insert word salad here]",neutral
Let’s go. This was a big criticism of her and also there’s a significant portion according to polls who feel they don’t “know her”. This was much needed.,negative
This is brilliant! You think Trump will have any kind of cogent response to all of these policies? He can’t remember his own name some days.,positive
"Hopefully someone has brains in her advisory because beating Trump is easy. Hopefully this news means she is going to do what I want and she will destroy Trump

1. Ignore Trump and act like he isn’t even on stage. 

2. Answer each question with policies and with her articulation skills this is easy for her. 


Trump likes to attack and it causes his opponents to spend time defending and getting off topic and it’s a tactic he uses so he doesn’t have to answer any questions at all. It happened with Biden and he got a pass. 

If Kamala doesn’t acknowledge him he will just be a bumbling buffoon not answering questions.

Please if anyone on her team is scrolling Reddit use this it’s an easy win",positive
Wooo we got policy.,neutral
Mango Mussolini will deny all knowledge and gaslight his credulous base. Same as it ever was. Same as it ever was.,negative
"Interesting strategy...

My first thought is, wouldn't this give the Trump Campaign valuable information ahead of the debate that Trump could use against Harris? Why not put this out on the night of the debate? Unless...her policy is simply that ironclad and Trump literally has none, therefore it just shows the difference in caliber here. Trump is a slingshot, she's a nuclear payload headed straight at Project 2025.",positive
"as much as I'm fine with her hammering into 2025 policy, Trump has distanced himself from it and his voters I know remind me of that - so i hope she shifts into focus on his actual platform a bit.   folks who don't believe trump on 2025 are already decided, but there are many voters who don't believe he prescribes to 2025 and don't care about former aides/JD Vance foreward, etc.   there's enough meat on his actual platform to debate against too

it'll be a bit of a circular argument to debate against positions he will claim aren't actually his and probably won't win over undecideds",negative
"I'm just hoping some one is sneaking in a bottle of flies :D

If they liked Pence, they are going to love the rot that follows Trump around.",positive
Broke republicans living in trailers will say this is a bad idea,negative
I just want a commitment to an arms embargo jfc,positive
Why not come out with a policy for ending the 35 trillion in government debt? Conservatives won't know how to answer that.,negative
"Now with her site out. I'm not that hot for her anymore... Like please please please break away from Biden more, stop adopting republican politics so much. And FFS change your stance on Israel you moron. This will literally only help you in the election stop running the scared tactic.",negative
"“Trump is pro-corporate” says the clown who couldn’t survive without an iPhone, or their car, or their morning Starbucks, or their laptop, or 99% of the things they use to wash, clean, and cook on…all provided by your friendly neighborhood corporation.",positive
I don’t even care. Shes not trump so she gets a vote.,positive
Love the way Harris is tearing into things while Trump and Vance are just having melt down after meltdown,positive
"They may have thay intention. I'm saying he does not.

They ALL lie constantly",neutral
This is just Biden's agenda that doesn't address the ongoing genocide nor welfare matters in this country.,neutral
[deleted],neutral
"Most of project 2025 is terrible, good for her. Though I have to say i don't get why it's relevant",negative
"Gawd, still solving a made-up problem. Project 2025 isn't anyone's position.",negative
"62 is a huge weakness.

No ceasefire = no weapons. Arming genocide is not popular, so stop doing it.",negative
"“Harris alleges that Trump, if elected, would cut taxes for the wealthy and increase the U.S. government’s debt by $5 trillion. Across his previous presidency, the national debt increased from $20 trillion to $27.8 trillion. Since then, it has increased to $35.35 trillion under Biden” 

5 trillion is much better than 7.55 trillion. But who am I to say.",positive
"November 6, I hope everyone realises that debating a policy that is not associated with Trump or endorsed by Trump is not a way to win an election.",positive
And all he has to say is that he does not endorse nor knows anything about it. And that's the end. I hope she wastes time on that though.,positive
So is she locking down the border? Or is securing the border racist?,negative
"So why hasn't she implemented any of those positions the past 3-1/2 years? Why does she have to wait until her NEW administration?

Hasn't she said ALL the time, she works every day side by side with Biden.  

Hello.... Bueller??

Amazing what BS the Dem voters believe.",positive
"Kamala good
Kamala capable 
Kamala already president
Kamala angel
Trump devil
Kamala good
Trump bad
Vote Kamala good 
Vote trump bad

This is how stupid they think you are.",negative
">tears into Project 2025

Which is weird.  She's the only candidate that devotes space on her website to something that isn't even Trump's.  That's speaks volumes to me.",neutral
Very smart. Tear into an agenda Trump has nothing to do with.,positive
"So nothing on Gaza/WB and she still wants to move to the right on the border with Republicans. And she still has that stupid ass no taxes in tips pandering bullshit.

Nothing on healthcare as a right, nothing on ending student loans, nothing on lowering interest rates. Just more subsidies for pharmaceutical companies to lower medication prices. She needs to take them to task, not give them more money.

Got it. So she's just a right wing Democrat. There goes any enthusiasm I had.

Go ahead and vote me down Blue MAGA. I've seen what you cheer for.",negative
">14. Take on the everyday obstacles and red tape that can make it harder to grow a small business.

This is red meat for conservatives. She needs to hammer this one home at the debate.",negative
Neoliberalism is dead.  Leftists need to take the W and vote Harris.,negative
Thank you,positive
Is legalizing marijuana still too extreme to make this list?,neutral
"Somebody please plaster that last position on every single sub, social media, forum, etc the youth and progressive vote may be on.",positive
Woohoo! #2 fulfills r/endtipping 's wish!,positive
Excellent.,positive
"Provide first-time homebuyers with up to $25,000 to help with their down payments

This would be so nice, if this happens.",positive
Commenting on this to see for future reference. Thanks.,positive
" It's interesting to see how she plans to address these concerns, especially with the focus on small businesses. It might resonate with some voters who feel left out of the economic conversation. But it's going to be a challenge to get those messages across effectively, especially with Trump's constant noise. Guess we'll see how it plays out in the debate.",positive
Gracias,neutral
Exactly! No substance! -the media,negative
"Yo what, Israel and not Ukraine on the list?
Easy win over the Trump missed. Remember one of the impeachments? That’s when Trump made a “perfect call” with Zelenskyy.
Easy win for dems missed for price of Ukrainian lives.",positive
"And this is the best timing.


No way Trump can back out of the debate now. Or else he'll just be handing airtime to Kamala to talk about her fresh new polices unimpeded. No time for news media to put a bad spin on things. 


He has been backed into a corner. ",negative
Put Trump on his weakest ground,negative
"> Fox News has been bleating about lack of policies for about 6 weeks now.

Doesn't matter, they'll just move the goalposts as they always do.",negative
"""SHE DOESN'T HAVE ANY POLICIES""

Like, these morons think someone who wasn't running 4 weeks ago is gonna have policies immediately. It takes time to spin things up, most candidates have AT LEAST TWO YEARS TO PREPARE. Harris is doing ALL of this on the fly, and is KNOCKING IT OUT.

Edit: Typos.",positive
"> Fox News has been bleating about lack of policies for about 6 weeks now.

They loved that attack even though it was BLUNTLY OBVIOUS to everyone who honestly discusses politics that because of her rushed ascent to the top of the ticket, she hadn't yet consolidated her policy positions, and she didn't want to simply copy-paste Biden's.  

So she spent her first week of the campaign solidifying her nomination and avoiding a civil war in the party.  Then spent her next week reviewing VP packets and selecting Walz, then strategizing how he'll be best utilized. Then the two of them had to prepare for the DNC, a week long event.  Then they could finally ""slow down"" a bit and post her policies in the lead up to the debate.  All while doing campaign events all over the country.  

I doubt Harris or Walz have even had their feet touch the ground for weeks and they're still doing so much and the right is stupidly whining about things that even Trump can't manage, like clear policy proposals.  The fucking idiot can't stay on topic and his policy is just whatever Project 2025 says it is, and then whatever weird curveballs Trump throws in like the ""government fully covering IVF"", not because he even knows how it works, but because he's grasping at anything.  So he kneejerk socialized a single medical treatment and then pivoted to Hannibal Lecter electrocuting a shark and how smart his Uncle MIT Trump was.",negative
"I love how all their major complaints have had an expiration date 🤣

Although, they will move the goalposts anyway...but still. 

They don't have much to go on do they?",positive
Only released 2 days before the debate. This is clearly election interference. /s,positive
They just wanted to know how to attack her during the debate and she’s giving them as little as possible. Probably why they were on her about the lack of interviews too.,negative
Brilliant move on her part. She waited to post this until the day before the debate. Trump's team doesn't have time to prepare him on her policy talking points. Not that it would have helped him much anyway.,positive
I like your assumption that fox is going to drop that line of attack because it has been responded to,negative
"Who cares what Fox News says? It’s not like anyone who watches that is gonna pay attention to her policies. And Fox News will probably still say she doesn’t have any policies anyway. 

Another example of dems engaging on something and expecting republicans to react like normal people.",positive
"If his childcare response disaster is any indicator, yes plz make it a policy debate",negative
Oh my god were so close to having a crumb of normal not batshit crazy politics,positive
"Being extremely fair to fox, more than they deserve, as a former poli Sci major not having those up has bothered the fuck out of me. It is very real that candidates could move to full populism and not have stated policy as it has worked well for the GOP.",negative
I figured the lack of official policy was because she did t want to give that old man prep time.,negative
"Imagine Trump trying to study up on all her policies in a single day.

I bet he is crapping his diaper.",neutral
"> Fox News has been bleating about lack of policies for about 6 weeks now.
 
To be fair, there wasn't a lot about Harris' policy platform until now. So it is not unreasonable for people to bring it up. Without pressure by the media, perhaps Harris wouldn't have released anything. If anything, we should be thanking Fox and other media outlets who have been pressing Harris for details.",positive
"Trump has an agenda though: Project 2025. Don't kid yourself: his supporters know that that's exactly what it is and they're willing to vote for it as long as he lowers taxes. 
It remains to be seen if Kamala can galvanize people enough to go vote for her instead of abstaining because she's not the Messiah that will do 100% of what they want.",positive
"Well the US has to either deal with the guns or the egregiously high rates of whatever peculiar mental illness causes these mass shootings since they are only so prevalent in the States. 

Guns, schools and population definitely exist outside the US in very large numbers. Somehow the US has this unique problem. 

It’s a dead horse discussion, of course.",negative
More Americans need to travel outside the country and see that most of the world gets along just fine without AR-15s.,positive
"No chance whatsoever that it actually happens - if the Dems win, even if they get a trifecta, it will be a narrow 50-50 majority reliant on Jon Tester, a very moderate Dem from Montana

Jon Tester would be the ""New Manchin"", the difference being that he's well to the left of Manchin on *many* issues: he's fine with bypassing the filibuster narrowly for abortion and voting rights, and he's fine with a roughly $3t social spending bill which would allow a lot more economic change than what Manchin was ever open to. However, he's also very pro gun, and would probably gleefully go on Fox News and publicly shoot down any proposals for assault weapons bans if a major push was made in Congress",negative
"They’re going to hammer too hard on getting that AWB passed, that they’ll lose the chance to get universal background checks done, or anything else that’s menial in comparison. They do this all the time and nothing gets done. Snatching defeat from the jaws of victory should be the motto at this point.",negative
"God, I cannot *wait* to vote **Yes** on **Amendment 4**!",positive
"""she'll never be able to pass most of that stuff""",neutral
She could wear a tan suit... no.. wait... she already did that...,neutral
Or “project 2025 is posted on your website…how do you not know what is on your own website?”,neutral
I dunno if letting lies just hang out there is a winning strategy in a debate at all.   People will see Trump's confident bluster unanswered and take that as wins for him.  It doesn't really matter how true it is.  Kamala needs to have pithy retorts ready for the usual lies to shut them down and win the optics battle there.  One reason Biden struggled so hard in the last debate was that he couldn't string together a retort to even the easiest lies.  That looked very bad.,positive
"No idea why candidates for the POTUS spend millions of dollars on professional campaigning teams, when you can just go on reddit and consult CrotasScrota84",negative
Ignoring Trump doesn’t work. Hillary ignored him and then he said the  “cause you’d be in jail” line which Id actually argue won him the debate and all the ones that followed.,negative
"I disagree. I think she should spend the bare minimum of time answering questions on policy and spend most of her time attacking Trump. Constantly hammer him on his lies, his corruption, his crimes, both civil and criminal. Everything from his constant golfing when he said he'd be too busy, never releasing his taxes to his failure with Covid and January 6th. Trump should not be running for president let alone the Republican nominee. It's fucking ridiculous and Harris needs to make that her main focus.",negative
3. Don’t take the bait and get upset,negative
"Beating trump won’t be easy. She doesn’t have a lot of political experience in many areas. Neither does he. But unfortunately it’s a different set of rules for him. 

I hope she absolutely destroys him. I hope he has a debate like Biden did. 

But it won’t be easy. 


Dems are getting far too cocky right now in their bubbles. He was behind in the polls in 2016 as well.",positive
"It’s possible, but I wouldn’t bet on Trump having the mental acuity to pivot all of his debate practice with one day to go, just to target any theoretical weaknesses in what was released. He’s probably already got his stream of bullshit rehearsed and ready to go.",negative
It’s only two days before the debate though so they won’t have much time to counter it and it gives people time to look at the policy before the debate. If she does it on the night of or before I don’t think it would go for well,positive
It addresses both of those. Did you read it at all?,neutral
"Her policy is all middle of the road stuff that should be done regardless. Never mind the fact she completely dropped the school tuition and marijuana reform.

Even Trump had been talking about Marijuana reform. I don't believe him,  but he's probably going to go left on some issues given Kamala mundane policy reveal",neutral
A Canadian trying to tell us that Project 2025 is made up?,neutral
"But, it is. Not sure what information you're basing that opinion on but factually Project 2025 is the GOP platform if Trump is elected. He was on board with it until it got bad press and flip-flopped to pretending he didn't know what it was.",negative
"Project 2025? Trump only claims to not support it because it's wildly unpopular while supporting all of the policies in it. His entire party supports those policies. His own VP candidate JD Vance wrote the forward to Project 2025 creator Kevin Roberts's book. He's scrambling to disassociate his name from Project 2025 but if his own party has it as their plan if Trump wins, it won't work.",positive
"Oh, hello empty account that hasn't posted in a year.",negative
"So, first off, [140 of his former staffers worked directly on Project 2025](https://www.cnn.com/2024/07/11/politics/trump-allies-project-2025/index.html), including six of his former Cabinet secretaries, four of his ambassadors, his first deputy chief of staff, his Federal Communications Commissioner, and his delegate to the UN Commission on the Status of Women (an anti-abortion advocate). 

Dozens more of his administration worked with groups that advised on it, including his chief of staff Mark Meadows, adviser Stephen Miller, his impeachment lawyer Jay Sekulow, and two of the people behind his insurrection, Cleta Mitchell and John Eastman. 

Half of the listed authors, editors, and contributors were members of his administration. 

His own campaign says it aligns closely with their own policy platform Agenda 47.

Secondly, if he says he doesn't know anything about it, Harris' response should be ""Why not? Why would you not take *any* amount of time to learn *anything* about an active policy initiative from one of the largest and most influential political think tanks in the history of the country? Is your second term going to be as reliant on your unabashed ignorance as your first?""",positive
"There's a specific point about the border on her site, perhaps you could read it.",neutral
"Most dem voters are smart enough to know that you have to have the votes in congress to get things done and that the Pres and VP aren't dictators who can do whatever they want. 

If you went to school in America, you learned about this in grade school. Do you need a refresher?",positive
"Because its a nearly even split in the Senate.  The GOP stonewalls all legislation. 

They fkn voted against the price capping of insulin.",neutral
How is it weird? Project 2025 was written and endorsed by pretty much all of the people around Trump and he's already fulfilled some of the ideas in the plan. This thing wasn't just drafted for fun. She would be an idiot not to bring attention to it even if Trump is distancing himself. He doesn't tell the truth so why would we ignore this huge red flag because he says he has no idea.,positive
"No matter how much Trump lies about it, he's still very much a part of Project 2025. Unless he wants to renounce the GOP platform entirely.",negative
"lol, nobody is that dumb, not even Republicans.",negative
"This comment cannot be in good faith. When confronted with a madman or a right-of-centre political candidate, you want to sling mud because you wanted a more liberal agenda? Christ alive man, this is literally democracy or religious autocracy. Who gives a fuck where she sits on healthcare as a right?",negative
Outraged redditor quotes Rick and Morty in attempt to sound important LOL,positive
"I don’t think you have been on her website to read her position on policy.  She addresses many of those talking points directly.  

https://kamalaharris.com/issues/",neutral
"> So nothing on Gaza/WB

It's right there on her website

>and she still wants to move to the right on the border with Republicans. 

Oh my god guys she wants to pass something that everyone agrees on!

>Nothing on healthcare as a right

It's right on her website

>nothing on ending student loans

Student loans are also on her site

>Just more subsidies for pharmaceutical companies to lower medication prices. She needs to take them to task, not give them more money.

Negotiating prices is taking them to task

Why pretend you read the site when you obviously didn't?",positive
"90% of conservatives just don't care about this and will say ""Trump would do this too,"" and then vote for him even though he's the most pro-corporate candidate in history.",negative
"Take the forward progress, continue marching down the field.",positive
The only leftists I know that aren't voting for her are doing so because of her pro Israeli views so this won't sway them,neutral
There isn't even universal healthcare in there. Not even a mention of a public option.,neutral
Instructions unclear Voting for Dubya,negative
This is what I was thinking. It's way past time for marijuana to be legalized. We should be moved on to talking about the legalization of psychedelics by now.,neutral
I think it’s just inconsequential compared to everything else there.,neutral
"Unfortunately, it doesn't work. Oregon did away with the split minimum wage a long time ago, our minimum wage is over $14 statewide, yet there are still tip jars everywhere you go, even at fast food joints. It's fucking annoying.",negative
"I agree.

Happy Cake Day :D",positive
"It would also look like he backed out because he can’t react in time to this information. Which I believe he absolutely cannot. 

Will he even have a vague idea of any of this tomorrow? Seems doubtful. 

Maybe they can put a few words on a poster for him to glance at on his way to the debate stage.",negative
"This is where I hope we will see a contrast between the Shoot-the-Shit style of Trump where he just bleats things without policy meaning and Harris who I hope has been spending weeks getting to know every detail of every policy, ready to speak to them passionately and intelligently.

I hope normal people can see the difference.",positive
"He was never going to back out. It was all showmanship to try and give the appearance that he was in the power position.

He’s polling behind now and needs this debate to fix that. The risk of a debate is always on the one polling ahead.",negative
"Also, every zinger and line he has practiced about her lack of positions is now useless.  She can point people to her site and ask them to decide who is lying.",negative
"Trump was never going to debate policy. This is bait to put him off his game. If he tried to talk about this, he'd be slaughtered, so he likely won't. He'll revert to spewing shit",negative
The timing of every decision since Biden stepped down has been impeccable. Idk who’s running her campaign but they’re pulling out all the stops,negative
"To be fair, he is an abject moron, bordering on some sort of severe intellectual disability.",negative
She trial lawyered him. Set him up to fail.,negative
"To be fair under a day is plenty of time for a reasonably intelligent person to be able to come up with credible talking points against a list this long, just pick a number of them that suit you.

But can Trump do it? Highly unlikely, but I suppose we'll see.",positive
"I mean, it would have been nice to have her list out policies a few weeks ago.  But better late than never.  At least its before the debate.",positive
I hope they ask about childcare - I want to see his next attempt at giving a coherent answer.,positive
This right here. And their viewers do the same. Can't logic someone out of a position they didn't logic themselves into.,neutral
"I mean, their candidate is Trump and the Republican party whose platform is, whatever Trump wants it to be.

They don't care.",neutral
"It was always a stupid thing to say. 90% of her policies were always going to be aligned with Biden’s. And those policies are popular. They act like she’s been living in a cave, cut off from all contact and unaware of what the White House has been doing for 4 years",negative
"Yep, that's a good summary.

They are clearly going with a strategy to compare her policies to Project 2025.  

I like this approach, because he has two choices - either put out a detailed policy that is different or essentially have her policy against P2025.  He doesn't want detailed policies, they bore him and restrict his ability to come up with the populist thing of tomorrow.",positive
"Yeah, I was saying this after hearing three weeks straight of ""no interviews"" and Ben Shapiro having a counter that each day he would say ""it's now 23 days since Kamala..."".

All I thought was ""what an investment in messaging that will evaporate as soon as she does an interview""

Of course they spent a week saying ""she hasn't done a solo live interview"" but that was just comical and they stopped.

She was clearly focussed on the NEED to have all policies ready for the debate and she will take the heat on interviews before.  After this, she needs to get out and sell herself and her policies.  They won't change, that work is done.",positive
...and not in crayon for Trump to read.  more election interference.,neutral
Is that…legal?,neutral
"Republicans have an agenda.  Trump mostly doesn't give a shit about it.  He's not religious.  He's only in it to stay out of prison and for money.  Now he IS happy to back whatever it is that lets him win, so if project 2025 is part of that, so be it.  Some like to link him to all the people around him that are part of Project 2025, but he just appointed whoever they told him to appoint.  They throw cash at him, and he says OK.  That's how Trump works.  He doesn't give a shit about what they want.  He just likes money.  Even Vance isn't his pick.  Vance was just tied to a pile of money.",positive
Trump has straight up said he “intentionally hasn’t read it” so that he can’t respond when asked questions about his support for individual items of Project 2025. As if we believe that. Fool hasn’t read it because it is 900 pages and he is low energy illiterate,positive
"It blows my mind that *gun violence* is [the leading cause of death](https://www.kff.org/mental-health/issue-brief/child-and-teen-firearm-mortality-in-the-u-s-and-peer-countries/) of children in our Country.

Absolutely wild.",negative
"“Mental illness” has always just been a vague scapegoat. Lots of people have untreated mental illness - including myself until I was almost 40 - and it is a widespread problem. But it’s not causing people to turn into murderous psychopaths. My mental illness makes me want to stay in bed all day.

If anything besides gun access can be blamed I think it’s the GOP’s entire strategy built around the need for a perpetually desperate lower and middle class. Financial instability, xenophobic fearmongering, identity politics, manufactured culture wars - oh and of course the threat of a vengeful god burning them in hell for eternity - to generate perpetual existential terror. That’s what the GOP is dumping in the water.

There’s a reason most of these shooters are young white conservative males.",negative
"It’s not a dead horse discussion at all. It is a very tricky situation that could results in fewer votes for her. 

Most Americans want more gun control. 


More than half of all gun deaths are self inflicted.  Most people don’t realise that. I think if she talked about that, people would be more open.",negative
Dead horse discussion? Poor choice of words.,negative
"First step is admitting you have a problem.

We will never get to step one

Merica",negative
Leave America? What kind of commie do you think we are?,negative
"Eh, I dunno. I think people are underestimating Colin Allred in Texas and Debbie Mucarsel-Powell in Florida, both of whom are now polling within the margin of error against Ted Cruz and Rick Scott, respectively. There are multiple paths to a 51/49 Dem Senate, and with a little luck, maybe even a bit better. We all need to vote our asses off and make it happen! Donating and volunteering helps a lot as well.",positive
"Wouldn’t DC V heller make it difficult?

And with SCOTUS?",negative
"Pro gun rights, pro abortion rights, and also for spending on social programs? How consistently pro-individual liberties of him, hopefully more states follow suit like that.",positive
Bring your friends and family!!,positive
“That sounds like you like what is in there. If you like the stuff in there then you should vote DEM DOWN THE BALLOT. Then she can get this shit done!”,positive
"Same people ""why hasn't she already done all that?""",neutral
“Hold my beer”,neutral
"Only because the GOP will do everything in their power to absolutely grind any legislation to a halt by voting against it. Then, they will go on Faux News and complain about how ineffective the Harris Administration is.",negative
"That’s the balance she needs to strike, I think: call out a couple of his easy disprovable lies (post-birth abortions, immigrant gangs taking over apartment buildings, etc.) while spending the majority of time articulating her positions and drawing the contrast between him and her.",negative
"Their team should setup a website ahead of time (e.g TrumpLiesToVoters.whatever or AnotherTrumpLie.) that can be quickly referenced as the place which will debunk his claims and give voters quick access to the truth, but would allow her to move on.",positive
Exactly,neutral
Lets hope that those professional campaigning teams coach Kamala better than what they did Biden though.,positive
Dafuq? She has a couple of decades of political experience.,neutral
"He's not behind in the polls, Harris has moved the Dems into a statistical tie with massive new voter registrations but every single poll I have seen is within the MOE.",neutral
She’s a former US senator and she doesn’t have much political experience?,neutral
"You mean ""increase minimum wage"" and ""work around the clock on a ceasfire""?

So, one- no real numbers for wages, it's an empty statement that Biden ran on 4 years ago.

Two, we are actively sending arms to Israel even without congressional approval. You know what would make a cease fire possible? Is we fucking stopped sending weapons.",negative
"I saw the interview with Trump on marijuana, it sounds like he's considering it because of the tax revenue it produces, but he doesn't like the smell of it everywhere which is definitely a problem and some big cities. I wouldn't have any problem legalizing marijuana but just like alcohol I don't think you should be able to drink it walking down the sidewalk",positive
"He said he wants nothing to do with it. 

Vance says it's not anything they're interested in.",negative
They'd rather complain.,negative
"I read it, and I thought having closed borders was racist? Sounds like she kinda likes the trump wall idea?",positive
"Didn't the Dems control both sides of Congress Biden's first two years?

Oops... please try again.

Also, didn't Biden sign like 100 executive orders his first month in office?

Yeah, someone needs to learn...  but it's NOT me...",positive
"""Nearly"" is the operative word. Dems have a 51 to 49 majority in the Senate. Plenty to pass what ever the want... if they wanted to...

Here's another fun fact, Trump reduced the price of Insulin, NOT Biden/Harris. Stop listening to the lies from her.",positive
"Yes, look at their history.... Especially the response about what Vance said after the shooting.",positive
"I do. I care. At least Biden ran on a public option. Or did you forget? Lol

You can vote for Kamala, but I'm not going to act like she walks on water. She's a garbage candidate running against an even worse contender who is literally doing his best to lose the election and it's still 50/50 lol.

Regardless, she's a right leaning Democrat. It's gross and I'm going to call a spade a spade when I see garbage posted about her ""amazing"" policies.",positive
"""I've seen what you cheer for""

Uh, universal healthcare, free school lunches, and basic recognition of human rights?",positive
"Hey, credit where it's due, it's a nice quote whether you like the show or not.",positive
"The sentiment behind the quote goes back quite far actually. However the quote from R&M was damn good and if you said otherwise that gives me even more reason to disregard your opinion.

""I wear their scorn as a badge of honor""",negative
I did. I read them all after reading this post. It's possible I may have missed something though.,negative
That 10% though is enough to win the election.,positive
"Republican policy on economics always starts with *talk* about cutting taxes and regulations so as to help small businesses succeed, and always ends with *action* about cutting taxes and regulations so as to help big megacorporations crush and devour small businesses.",positive
Then they aren't real leftists,neutral
That’s what expanding the ACA is,neutral
Big pharma is the second (don’t quote me) largest lobby in DC. They don’t want weed legalized.,positive
Sell and tax weed and watch how much money can be out toward the wish list.,positive
"To be fair, that's on customers at this point. Denver has a $15.xx minimum tipped wave (vs 18.xx) and so many people don't know that and still tip 20%. Plus there's the ""guilt tipping"" with the kiosk because people can't get passed the concept that just because you're asked doesn't mean you need to tip. 

Heck, there's people who still top on top of 20% ""service charges"".",positive
"That’s what I was thinking as well. By releasing it now, the right wing/Russia media ecosystem doesn’t have time to absorb her points, make up lies and distort them. So Trump won’t have a “take” on why her policies are “bad”. Smart move",negative
"He will complain about the timing of her policy announcement.

His cult will eat that shit up with a spoon.

But, probably, removing the ""she hasn't stated her policy"" argument, removes one potential line of attack from the debate (and probably replaces it with some batshit crazy criticism of her policy statements).",negative
[deleted],neutral
"I've come to learn that you can never underestimate the level of deep racial hatred harbored by a gigantic portion of the electorate that hates immigrants, and the zealousness of right-wing Evangelicals united with right-wing Catholics in their impractical sadistic goal of ending all abortion healthcare rights. Speaking reason and sense to them on substantive policy issues doesn't matter when it comes to these emotional pet issues and hang ups. 

With that being said, elections aren't decided by that third of the country, or for that matter the Democratic base. Elections are ultimately decided by Independents (to the left or right of the spectrum), swing voters, newly registered voters who were non-voters in previous cycles, and sometimes stronger than usual third party candidates who peel off voters from Democrats or Republicans. If Trump acts like a totally braindead unforgiveable moron in front of millions of people (next to a competent Harris), even the corporate media narrative can't halt the avalanche of news buzz that this would produce. 

Trump, being a narcissist, would also immediately compound things for himself and produce a Streisand effect where he would go onto Truth Social, Twitter, and other platforms to rant and rave about how the debate moderators and planned event was unfair to him. He will undoubtedly draw more and more attention to it, not just among his followers, but with any news agency that reports his drivel (and they report it constantly in desperation for ratings and clickbait rage).",negative
Disagree here. Dude is legitimately shitting his pants about this debate,negative
He’s actually polling even with Harris.,neutral
Exactly. We already know what he’ll say tomorrow night. You could probably write the script out now.,neutral
"Personally I would give a fair amount of credit to Harris herself. Yes, the candidate doesn't make every decision on their own, but she did make final decisions on things like her running mate choice (which was a massive success)",positive
Almost feels like a touch of Pelosi guidance from behind the curtain.,positive
"Narcissistic Personality Disorder is real and with his combination of wealth, family, and generally never actually seeing any consequence from the actions in his life he hasn't ever really needed to get an education beyond learning how to be a con-man.

And right now, it's all catching up with him because of cognitive decline following right along in his father's footsteps, stepping right into his grave.",negative
"And I hope the moderators can actually go, ""Okay, but can you actually answer the question?"", after he goes on a rambling non answer.",positive
"The point isn't to reach them. They're up to their eyeballs in a cult. They are, by and large, a lost cause. The point is to reach those few voters who are still somehow undecided after all this and, even more importantly, to motivate turnout to vote. The non-voting pool is absolutely HUGE, and if Harris can tap into that even a little, it will make a very big difference in her margins.",positive
"> It blows my mind that gun violence is the leading cause of death of children in our Country.

""Oh yeah well hammers are used the most in deadly assaults, statistically they're more deadly than guns!"" - some conservative dickhead I got into a debate with. 

I replied with, ""Damn, then why don't school shooters just use hammers instead of guns?""

*cue the dude's face looking like the Windows start-up screen*",negative
And murder by an intimate partner is the leading cause of death for pregnant women,negative
"An often unincluded caveat is that this statistic largely reflects the high prevalence of teenage gang violence. It also includes suicide.

This statistic does not reflect that more kids die in mass shootings than any other cause of death.

Obviously we don't want teenagers killing themselves or getting involved in gang violence either, but it is a different situation and problem to solve than the one of random mass shootings.",negative
Ammosexuals don’t have sympathy for suicides,positive
"The problem is that gun ownership is a constitutionally protected right which you can't legislate to the same degree as a privilege like say driving a car where you can put a lot more barriers before people can exercise that right.  There are multiple SCOTUS level decisions that state that the 2a is not dependent upon service in a militia, is an individual right, applies to weapons that did not exist when the 2a was written and that it is unconstitutional to ban an entire class of guns that is in common legal use and even that it specifically protects weapons suitable for use in a militia or military.

That creates a very difficult framework within which to craft the type of legislation like banning assault weapons because they are protected by the 2a without actually amending the constitution to change the 2a.  It effectively relegates regulation to trying to ban or regulate accessories and the process to obtain guns in the first place.  At the best right now with the SCOTUS rulings we have you could try to put ""assault weapons"" onto the NFA with full autos, SBRs, SBSs and suppressors but in a country where universal background checks are like Sisyphus pushing a boulder that seems like aiming lower is more realistic.

Fix the Background check system where states and even the military branches are not reporting all the criminal and mental health data to the FBI and NICS background check system so people can go to a different state and maybe pass a background check when they should fail.  Tie federal funds for law enforcement directly to how much data each state reports to the NICS so that way they can't bitch about the system failing because it will have failed because they failed it and they can't bitch about lacking funds because their reporting the necessary data is what dictates the amount of funds they get.  Heller said it was unconstitutional to **MANDATE** guns be locked in a safe but people will almost certainly lock their guns up if you make buying a gun safe something they can deduct from their taxes and gun safes being several hundred dollars sometimes that tax deduction can be a good incentive.  Same thing with like gun safety training classes make those a tax deduction.  Right there you make accidental and negligent discharges less likely you make safely storing guns a bit more accessible without the ""Big brother is telling you how to live"" vibe and you get background checks that actually work and don't let people slip through the cracks at least as easily as they do now.  I would also say that there should be an increased allocation of federal funds to investigate and prosecute people caught lying on the 4473 background check form to buy a gun, an act which as we have seen with Hunter Biden is a felony and happens to be one where the criminal **LITERALLY SIGNS A CONFESSION TO THEIR CRIME** when they sign the form they lied on and are caught doing it.  That isn't even low hanging fruit that shit is laying on the ground almost throwing itself into fruit baskets.  Those people who fail background checks probably are not giving up on getting guns when that happens and if we arrested and prosecuted them we would probably see a drop in various forms of gun related crimes.

Do that first and you appease the ""Enforce the laws we have"" folks without triggering them to action with a ban of some kind, you fix background checks by making the more accurate which makes it easier to justify making them universal, you make safe storage easier and more affordable and you likely cut down on accidental and negligent deaths.  Hopefully in all that you cut down on mass shootings and then we can move forward from there.  Focus specific solutions towards specific types of gun problems instead of trying to form some fix all solution like just ""Ban X"" and that'll do it.  

Right now they are striking out because they keep swinging for the fences but gun control needs to stop swinging for the fences and instead try to simply get on base so to speak.",negative
">More than half of all gun deaths are self inflicted

Because suicides don't matter...",negative
Kicking out Cruz would give me life,neutral
Let’s do it!,neutral
"Yep, she doesn't need to respond to everything but shut down the big ones with concise and definitive retorts and it will set the right tone for the rest of his bullshit.",negative
"Normal political experience, not braindead social media age experience. It’s not easy to navigate engineered stupidity.",negative
"he is in some. but you get my point (it's not about polls)  the fact im being downvoted by saying don't  get cocky and repeat past mistakes is telling.

I work means I travel to some very trump areas, most lefties dont. they would be less cocky

again, I hope she absolutely destroys him. I",negative
"> Two, we are actively sending arms to Israel even without congressional approval.

These weapons were all authorized by Congress.",negative
[removed],neutral
💯% There should be common sense regulation.👍🏾,neutral
"> He said he wants nothing to do with it. 

...And you believed him?",neutral
"See, that's your problem. You believe a guy that lies constantly.

And why would the heritage foundation go through the trouble to write an extensive and detailed playbook with no intention of using it?",negative
"> I read it, and I thought having closed borders was racist?

No one is advocating for closed borders.",negative
"It was 50-50 for two years. We got a supreme Court justice, inflation reduction act, CHIPS, j6 commission, etc

VP Kamala cannot sign executive orders...please try again",positive
"No, I didn't forget. We're just fighting for something different this time. Look, objectively, I think it's good and important to have principles; to work hard to shift us further to the left or whatever. But letting idealism get in the way of the practical and very real fight we have on our hands is silly. Caring about whether you're excited for a candidate that is (quite literally) the only alternative to a right-wing loon is silly. Trying to reduce other people's enthusiasm for the only pro-democracy candidate in the presidential race is silly.

Save your disappointment and public disdain for a future where it's Kamala vs. a more left-leaning candidate, rather than Kamala vs. a hate-filled tangerine in a baggy suit.",positive
"You may want to read them again then, because she mentions Gaza and need for a ceasefire, she mentions bringing down student debt, and Healthcare as a right. So most of the topics you were initially saying weren't presented.",negative
Lol you are so hypocritic,positive
"Absolutely. I live in probably one of the most red neck inbred hillbilly trump towns in the country and instead of a trump sign at every house, I have now counted 3 Harris signs. They aren’t all totally stupid. Just keep preaching and at least some will come around.",negative
You gotta find them and get them to listen though,neutral
"Guilt tipping is very much a thing, and many service workers feel entitled to a tip on top of their full wage even without the split minimum wage.",positive
"Wonder if this was her plan all along. The get wanting to take the time to put these out, given she’s only been there candidate for 6/7 weeks. But I never thought about waiting until right before the debate to catch them off guard.",neutral
"Even if they put together an incredible set of new talking points right this minute, there is no way in hell anyone could get trump to understand them or memorize them in time.",negative
Yes. Because she's likely known about these things for a long time. Some of them probably longer than she's even known she was a candidate. Because she's actually interested in governance.,positive
"BuT HeR EMaiLs!1!1!!1!11

Jesus Christ, this guy’s post history condones rape. Stop being so fucking weird.",negative
At least she can read.,neutral
"This is so lame. She’s an accomplished lawyer and has held many positions which require complex interactions. 

I know that you know and this “she’s dumb” rhetoric is so flat and such clear projection from Dumpy followers.",negative
[removed],neutral
He should have shut his pants decades ago.,neutral
Not just ‘about’ the debate … he will likely be shitting them during the debate too.,negative
Isn’t that insane? An 80 year old senile criminal is polling equal to someone who has energized the entire Democratic Party like we haven’t seen in 16 years.  Sometimes I feel like we have to let the world crumble to rebuild a better one.,positive
"Because landlines are so much more likely to participate than poll and honestly wtf is up with cnn and shit basically softball on trump like he deserves the deference despite, yknow, him being quite obviously running on a racism and screaming at clouds platform.",negative
It feels fresher than that. I’m not accustomed to expecting or being pleasantly surprised by Dem strategy. ,positive
Narrator: they didn't,neutral
I thought ABC had already stated their moderation policy was going to be about as sharp as a sack of wet toast. I'm sure Kamala will navigate trump's idiocy as well as anyone can. But I don't expect any neutral 3rd parties hold trump accountable for obvious lies or horrible behavior.,negative
"All she really has to do then is just stand there, remain composed, & answer questions like an adult while the sweaty orange clown with dementia rages about how the world is ending unless you make him dictator for a day so he can kill everybody who opposes him.",negative
I meant Fox doesn't care. But agree.,negative
"Or murdered children.  Or innocent bystanders.

TONS of sympathy for the guns themselves though.  It's almost sociopathic, really.",negative
"Him and that little piss baby, Greg Abbott",negative
"See! Dead people voting!!!!

/s

Seriously though, I hope the US can make progress on gun reform, it breaks my heart everytime there's another school shooting... I can't imagine how stressed parents and kids are about even going to school!",positive
"Yeah it's that way every election win or lose on this subreddit though, definitely more important to see what folks outside are like and at least run my area there's a lot of anxiety.",positive
"I mean, I don’t understand why anyone is saying she’s in the lead when every pool is showing that within a one percent difference with margins of error that could put Trump in the lead, like the new New York Times poll, so why are you Trump has a better chance of winning this time than in 2016 because it’s closer. I have a feeling this is going to come down to a few thousand votes in a few states for the person on one side to win.",positive
He's sent weapons packages to Israel three times without approval.,negative
[removed],neutral
"“strong border security and an earned pathway to citizenship.”
Sounds like she wants some pretty closed borders to me. How would you interpret that?",positive
">It was 50-50 for two years.

With Harris as the tie breaker.... please try again...

>inflation reduction act, CHIPS,

Now you know why inflation is where it's at, thank Biden/Harris for that. In fact, Harris was the tie breaker in the IRA, so she OWNS the inflation situation today.

>VP Kamala cannot sign executive orders.

But she claims she worked side by side with Joey every day, and we know Joe wasn't in charge of anything, so in 3-1/2 years, she had no influence on him or policy? Really?",negative
"When would it be Kamala against a more left wing candidate? Certainly not in the general against a republican,  this year or 2028.

And we weren't given a primary because DNC knows best. If she wins this time there definitely won't be a primary in 2028 unless she's not running.

If she loses she won't run in the next primary. 

So your position is ""save it for a situation that will definitely never exist.""",positive
"Forget. That.

I'm always going to speak truth and not hide my opinion about how our politicians on the Democratic side are ABSOLUTELY moving right. That's a disappointment to me and I'm going to voice it. 

I'm not a big enough idiot to vote for Trump, don't get me wrong here. However, like I said, I'm going to call Kamala out on a post about her policies when her policies are worse than the current administration. 

Fracking, no public option, no mention of student loan forgiveness, and voting for a right wing border bill based on lies about migrants. It's disgusting and it's a huge step back. If more people had a spine and pushed back maybe she would have to change these stances, but apologists like you make that impossible. 

Everyone knows who Trump is. He's only gotten worse since 2014. He's old as fuck, hateful, racist, and corrupt as hell. No one in their right mind should be voting for him. This almost feels like saying, ""Yeah but do you condemn Hamas?"" Yeah no shit, ""Don't vote for Trump"". But you can walk and chew gum at the same time, meaning you can vote for Kamala while criticizing the shit out of her garbage policies.

And honestly I'm tired of the ""now is not the right time"" argument. Now, absolutely, is the time.",negative
"She mentioned the ceasefire!? Wow, such a new revolutionary announcement we haven't heard for the last 9 months! /s

Student debt is just continuing to bring it down, not eliminate it. At least Biden wanted to eliminate it. Another step back. 

Healthcare as a right. How? I saw no mention of a public option. I saw no mention of supporting Medicare for All. Another step back 

What I meant was, her policy proposals have no details and actually are worse than Biden's from 2020. She mentioned some of these things, but just mentioning things with no details is the same as saying nothing. 

Like here, she said she wants to give 25k to new home buyers. That's good. It doesn't help lower home costs at all, but it will help some people buy homes. Chances are a lot of home prices will go up after this is enacted though, but it's at least a decent policy with SOME detail (25k).

Saying you're going to do the ceasefire is a nothing comment. It's been what they've been saying for 9 months and it's not acceptable since it has no details on HOW they are going to FORCE this. Maybe no more money for weapons....huh?",negative
"It seems like all the right does is misrepresent the positions held by people on the left, while offering no positions of their own, other than what suits them in the moment. So why even give them the ammunition? In the coming weeks, we’ll hear from the right how Kamala’s policies are going to increase crime, immigration, inflation etc etc etc. ad naseum while offering no policy of they own.  It’s  just like when they insisted the ACA would have “Death Panels”, while never once offering health care solutions that they would support. It’s all fear and grifting on the right. ",positive
"Me neither, but this is brilliant. I kept wondering why her platform wasn't on her site and now I can't believe I didn't see their strategy before now. Her team knows what it's doing.",positive
[deleted],neutral
[deleted],neutral
"Lol, nice catch. Disgusting that still worked",positive
"Part of it may be the nature of how polls change over time, particularly with wireless vs landline users. Millenial Harris voter here, try and guess how likely I am to pick up a call from an unknown number. I’d suspect this artificially inflates Trump’s standing in most polls.

Gallup’s CEO talks a bit about it here: https://www.marketplace.org/shows/marketplace-tech/why-cellphones-and-trust-may-be-affecting-polling-data/

I do love the timing of this",positive
Well yeah it is insane for sure,positive
I think the polling is skewed.,neutral
CNN is now the conservative news network,neutral
"Sure to all of that, but he's still polling even

Don't confuse Reddit and your social bubble with reality. Reality is much closer to even and I would even say it leans towards Trump.

She will win the popular vote thanks to heavily blue urban areas, but that's not how you win",positive
"This is why I think people need to temper their expectations for the debate. He's going to do what he always does and he's going to get away with it. The right will take a couple sound bites of Kamala and gets weeks of coverage out of them. Ultimately, the low expectations for Trump works in his favor because he's not expected to sound coherent, talk policy, etc",negative
"I didn’t participate in debate in high school, but I can’t imagine scoring well or not being called out if you go off topic or spew overtly false information.  Yet, here we are, in a debate to be the leader of the free world.",positive
They care more about being able to wave a gun around in Wal Mart than they do about children getting gunned down in schools.,positive
Abbott and Paxton both being out of power would vastly improve the state,positive
That’s true. Have a good day.,positive
Yup. I think you’re right.,neutral
"That's without notifying the gang of eight or whatever, but Congress authorized all of these shipments.  That's why there is budget for doing it.",neutral
"> “strong border security and an earned pathway to citizenship.” Sounds like she wants some pretty closed borders to me. How would you interpret that?

Closed borders means you aren't letting anyone in.

It sounds like she wants some border security like everyone else, and a reasonable pathway to citizenship that isn't a labyrinthine maze of legality and bureaucracy.",positive
"we got

* overtime guarantees

* OTC birth control

* discriminatory mortgage lending laws

* Changes on junk fees and overdraft charges

* HHS recommendation to reclassify marijuana

* Penalties for college programs that trap students in debt

* Student loan relief for millions

* a cancer moonshot

* Stronger union protections

* AI monitoring laws

* 1.2 trill in infrastructure spending

* Producing more oil than any other president

* Cyber Safety Review Board to keep the commies out of our elections

* Forcing airlines to pay when cancelling flights + eliminating seat selection fees for minors

Plus more

If you haven't seen the work being done, you haven't been paying attention.",negative
go ask kirsten sinema and Joe manchin why they grinded the infrastructure bill to a complete halt,neutral
"Well, more accurately, my position is ‘who gives a fuck about left or right when it’s democracy vs. whatever the fuck Trump offers, but hand-wringing about what we’ll do after saving your right to vote if you want to. The problem with ideological purists is that they always inevitably end up tearing themselves apart with no sense what-ifs instead of focusing on the battle at hand.",negative
"Please take your concern trolling and shove it up your ass. We are literally fighting to keep our rights as humans & you're here bitching and complaining. Yes, obviously she isn't the perfect candidate. No one in the history of planet earth was ever a perfect candidate & no one ever will be. Work is always going to be needed to improve our situation. Back in 2008, Obama did not support gay marriage whatsoever. But anyone in the lgbtq community who had a functioning brain made sure to vote for him anyways because they knew they had a chance with him in office & no chance at all with McCain. And wouldn't you believe it, it was his administration that got gay marriage to be legalized. So Kamala can absolutely change for the better. And you want to know how to get the democratic party to actually be more left leaning in general? Show up during the off year elections, show up during the primaries. Volunteer for & donate to the candidates you actually want leading the party. 


Like, is Allred down in Texas the most perfect left leaning candidate? Absolutely not, but he sure as fuck is a million times better than Cruz. The exact same thing can be said about DMP in Florida, Tester in Montana, or Brown in Ohio. If we were to keep/flip those seats, we could do so much to help our country & better our lives. But you'd shout & complain about it anyways.


While it should be obvious that you shouldn't vote for trump, the actual majority of our country is filled with people who don't think that. There is a very real chance that he can win this November. People on reddit love to claim that no one is an undecided voter. But that's because no one on this website actually talks to or listens to the people in their communities. The average person is very uninformed. They don't believe that politics affect their day to day lives so they don't pay attention. They have their own problems to take care of & can't take the time or energy to care about anything else. So communication is vitally important during election season. 


And not to mention. For the first time since Obama, the entire elected Democratic party is fully backing a single candidate. And it's through that unity that we actually stand a chance. 


Do us a favor & keep your mouth shut till after November 5th. We have an election we need to win & we don't have time to pander to your temper tantrums.",positive
You're so courageous! /s,positive
"The problem is that the internet gives people like you undue reach and influence. This kind of commentary is, ultimately, what I think historians will point to as one of the biggest facilitators of our sudden lurch towards (ostensibly) anti-establishment authoritarianism.

Dissatisfaction with the establishment; people constantly deriding the efforts of dedicated politicians, the idea that the system 'isn't enough' or 'isn't working' plays straight into the hands of people like Trump.

Irrespective of whether you realise or care, comments like this change people's worldview, engender apathy and ferment dissatisfaction. Ultimately, they pave the way for people like Trump to swan in and offer an 'alternative' and pre-internet, the damage would have been limited to your immediate circle.

Now, technology means that your mithering is amplified and reaches more people. It's still not productive though. It's just making the problem worse.",negative
Are you going to vote for Trump?,neutral
"Feel free to actually make an argument. Otherwise, I'll just leave that bait in the trap. lol",positive
What an articule argument backed up by facts!,negative
Yeah that rant of her talking about if they should go down with the boat full of big batteries or risk swimming next to a shark was a a real blow to her appearance of having any rational or insightful thinking.,negative
"Unfortunately I think this might mean that you are unable to understand normal speech. 

Can you provide two examples? I have listened to her plenty. Unfortunately for you here, I have also listened to Dumpy ad nauseum. 

Are you enamoured of “childcare is childcare,” as brilliant speaking?

Or maybe “Russia and Saudi Arabia we ba doo…”

Or maybe the confusion that asylum seekers are actually seeking to get into asylums inside the US. 

Or maybe that kids go to school and return home SEVERAL DAYS LATER having mysteriously received surgery?",negative
"young Gen Xer here; I haven't had a land line since I decoupled it with my internet in 2009, and I don't EVER answer a phone call from an unknown number. I'm sure this is common for lots of elder Xers, too. If this is the case for a huge chunk of people in their 50s and under, that's a wild thing to consider in regards to polling.",positive
He’s got a point there. My ringer is blocked from all phone calls not listed in my address page.,negative
"It's a good point and one I've considered also. 

I myself am voting 100% blue. I've received, jeez, probably well over 50 texts asking for polling data or support. I have clicked on NONE of them. I'm simply not going to trust some link from some random number. And I never pick up unknown numbers.",positive
I got a poll in a SMS the other day,neutral
"It doesn’t quite explain how Hillary was miles ahead of Trump in 2016, though.  That effect should have amplified Hillary’s results.",neutral
">She will win the popular vote thanks to heavily blue urban areas, but that's not how you win

Her campaign understands this, which is why they are barnstorming the swing states hard after the debate. They know it's going to come down to roughly 20,000 voters across 3 states, so they aren't going to take a single vote for granted. The lessons of 2016 are still fresh in everyone's mind. He could still win, but her campaign is going to make him fight for it.",positive
"Yeah I'm just gonna stay positive, vote, tell others to vote, and keep on truckin'",positive
"No matter how it polls out - he isn't going to win the popular vote.  I don't even understand why the polling matters when, at the end of the day, the percentage of people 'across the country' doesn't matter. 

The percentage of people in a state matters, definitely, but when the Felon won 2016 by 10% of the electoral college, but lost the popular vote by 2%.. polling is at best 'a current mood'.",positive
Thanks for saying the quiet part out loud.,positive
"Well yeah, high school debate is to teach you how debates work. Debating for the most powerful job in the world obviously needs some kindness and wiggle room",positive
"If they were held by actual rules then neither side would participate. The debates have, over time, become less about a battle of ideals and instead a battle of personalities. It's about getting the soundbite like Joe's ""Will you shut up, man!"" or Reagan's quip about not letting his opponent's age & lack of experience become a campaign issue.

The person with better thought out & more reasoned ideas doesn't win by default. Typically each side believes their candidate ""won"" the debate. Very rarely do you get blowouts like the last Biden v. Trump debate.",positive
"But there isn't budget to do it, not really. We are sending munitions and platforms we aren't currently using, but that's just an excuse to keep inflating the Defense budget as they will have to be replaced at some point. This money will be taken from other programs that our society desperately need in order to kill more children.

I wish ""Justifying Anti Genocidal Positioning"" was not my bingo card, but stamps are stamps.",negative
"It would take me hours to debunk all your false claims, but I'll take just this one. I can hardly wait for your response:

>Producing more oil than any other president

If that's true, answer these two questions:

1) Gas was $2.33 a gallon in Jan 2021, and it's $3.39 a gallon now. That's a +46% increase. How can that be possible if we're pumping record oil?

2) The strategic oil reserves were at 638 thousand barrels in Jan 2021, and it sits at 373 thousand barrels now. If we're pumping record oil, why is it down -42% and not topped off?

Your turn....",positive
">If you haven't seen the work being done, you haven't been paying attention.

Oh, I've seen the work that was done... every time I go to the store, put gas in my truck, pay my utility bills, look to buy another house, look at the back up in the Emergency Rooms as illegals get treated medically for free, screwing over people who actually paid off their college loans themselves, .....  should I go on???

You mean paying attention to that?",negative
"And the problem with 'pragmatists' like you is every single election the DNC just has to tell you ""this is the most important election ever!! Now's not the time to be an ideological purist"" and people like you will fall in line and vote for whatever shit they serve you.  

Ever since I've been politically aware that's been the playbook.  Gore vs Bush -> climate change! Must vote Gore. Obama vs McCain -> Sarah Palin is a huge danger and he's old and in bad health, absolutely must vote Obama -> Hillary/Trump well yeah obviously, Biden/Trump, Harris/Trump...

How many ""the stakes are too high to be picky right this time!"" elections in a row will you accept before thinking ""hey wait a minute... I'm starting to think this is just the playbook.""",positive
"You think the entire Democratic party supporting a candidate is going to help? You do realize you need to excite the voters right? Who wasn't on board with Biden last time? Can you count more than on one hand? This is literally crazy talk. 

The voters are what matter and the policies are what gets votes. You can call it concern trolling all you want but I'll freely voice my opinion on her right wing Democratic policies, especially when she's starting to fall back in the polls.

Gee, I wonder why? 

How about she goes back to what WAS working when she picked Walz, a clearly progressive politician with great policies he enacted. Remember them milking that for everything? More like that please. Public option for healthcare, getting housing prices down, actually raising the corporate tax to what Biden said (40% instead of 28%), eliminating ALL student loans and getting college tuition under control (maybe use that price gouging thing huh?), and maybe even talk about infrastructure projects like high speed rail?

Stop with the fracking, NATO, military strength, eww illegal immigrants!! garbage.

While we agree Kamala is the only correct vote, you seem to like to think that if you just shut up and she HOPEFULLY wins, while dropping in the polls, that she will then get in and go against her corporate overlords and enact progressive policy she never talked about. Yeah, sorry. Not my style. You do you.",positive
K. Blue no matter who! Right?,negative
"Just because I'm right, and polls are starting to show this, is what is making you upset. What should be a run away election for Harris is turning into another nail biter because she refuses to push populist progressive policies that was exciting everyone when Walz was selected as VP.

Now that excitement is dying down since. Especially with her release of her right wing Democratic policies that excite no one except her ride or die, blue no matter who, supporters. I'm putting out my opinion that she needs to cut out this shit and get back to what was exciting voters instead of supporting fracking and Republican immigration policy. 

- 1 month ago she was +4 (NYT), +3 (Q-PAC, F & M) in PA
- Today she is now TIED (CBS, CNN) with Trump in PA.

People like you who think she needs to stick to the center or move further right instead of hammering home popular policies is what is the problem. And when she loses running on these garbage policies, which I do not hope, you will be the first to blame people like me who were trying to ring the warning bells.

Here's hoping she dunks on Trump tomorrow and gets a huge bump that lasts. That's the only real way I see her getting a victory right now. Absolutely embarrassing Trump in the same fashion Biden was embarrassed and had to drop out. You know, which excited everyone.",positive
[deleted],neutral
"> and I don't EVER answer a phone call from an unknown number.

This is most people.

The only people who answer these stupid calls are lonely old people.

The polls don't mean shit.",negative
"Hell, I'm 41 and have never had a land line.  I bought a Nokia candybar phone when I was 18 and that's been my primary and only phone number for 2+ decades.",negative
"That’s interesting. Was it a link? I’d autospam that too for sure, but maybe overcautious",positive
"Comey and complacency are my guesses. Lack of campaigning in swing states, though that’s not poll related. I’d be curious if it were something else too.",neutral
"So it's interesting, and it's why polling models changed SOO much, actually. So Trump won because he was able to turn out a really weird demographic in large numbers. That is low propensity voters. So, to give some insight, low propensity voters are voters who rarely, if ever, vote. These are people who don't typically answer pollsters and, by all accounts, to 2016 weren't taken seriously. It's why almost every Trump endorsed candidate loses because they are strictly there for Trump, and everyone else is riding the coat tails during election year. Combine that with low democratic turnout and that's why he won in 2016.",positive
"People need to hear how close this race is, and a close race ALWAYS favors the Republicans due to the electoral college.

Hope and positivity are great, and all that, but I seriously wish people would spend some time on 270towin (or their electoral college simulator of choice) and really get familiar with how terrifyingly close this election really is.",positive
Meaning what?,neutral
"> But there isn't budget to do it, not really.

Yes, there is budget to do it.  Congress has authorized billions in arms for Israel.

>I wish ""Justifying Anti Genocidal Positioning"" was not my bingo card, but stamps are stamps.

Saying it was authorized by Congress isn't a justification.",negative
"You have a free market where american companies can choose to sell crude to other countries for more money. 

If you want price controls on oil and a president who can set oil prices, move to socialist country. 

You're crying about conservative values: free markets and capitalism. Dems didn't do this lmfao",positive
"You may not know that those high prices are occuring worldwide and directly the result of post-COVID inflation. This is not the democrat's fault. In fact it would be more accurate to call that Trump's fault. Trump abolished the Obama-era pandemic plan before COVID, resulting in a disastrous federal response, and in turn making COVID's long-term impacts worse, including inflation.

Under Biden, worldwide comparison shows America actually recovering faster than inflation than othe countries. So if you are worried about the cost at the store and gas station, vote the party fixing those high costs. Not the man who made it worse.",negative
"You will never get the progressive policy platform you want, because your unwillingness to bend and consistently elect democrats to the house and senate means that America is stuck in red vs. blue mode. Before you can win the centre left vs. far left argument, you have to actually win the centre-left vs. far right argument.

We're not there yet. 

If we were, and republicans and their ideology never got a look in, we could make the argument that far left ideas deserve more of a look in, 

But the polls you point to don't suggest that Harris should be more extreme. They suggest that the American people are still wavering over far right/centre left.

In an environment where the unprogressive, decidedly centre majority of Americans decide on the next president, your sort of pushy, progressive ideology is absolutely toxic for the left.",negative
That's the extent of your reasoning behind your assertion that she won't be able to remember her own policy positions? Why can't you just give a simple explanation? Maybe you're in a hurry and don't have time?,neutral
How so?,neutral
[removed],neutral
Also people who are looking for a job. Source: I am looking for a job,neutral
"> The polls don't mean shit.

but voting does, so please still do that even if you think Harris is a surefire win!",positive
"Same; bought a Nokia from a kiosk at the mall in 2001; I've kept the same number this whole time. The only difference is that I occasionally had land line numbers (thanks to bundles from providers). They were more vestigial than anything, but lowered my monthly bill.",positive
Yea. There was link to a website,neutral
"The other problem with the polling in 2016 was that there was a built in assumption that the results in one state were independent of the others, and as we saw there was a built in bias that affected a large swathe of them. The other problem was that they didn't do a great job of identifying likely voters. Hillary had a lot of potential voters that weren't motivated to go to the polls, while Trump had a lot of potential voters that were.",negative
"You want the truth?

[They can't handle the truth!](https://youtu.be/9FnO3igOkOk)",positive
"There's a ton of people within this subreddit and outside of it who think polling is skewed due to their social circles and sources of information.

If you flipped the sides around, then it becomes a very familiar picture.",neutral
">because your unwillingness to bend and consistently elect democrats to the house and senate

Wat? Are you assuming I'm not voting or something? You clearly aren't reading my posts then. 

>But the polls you point to don't suggest that Harris should be more extreme. They suggest that the American people are still wavering over far right/centre left.

I disagree. I believe these polls are showing the more she looks further right than even Biden, the less interest and trust they have in her to actually enact change that will affect their lives. 

>your sort of pushy, progressive ideology is absolutely toxic for the left.

I think holding elective representatives to a higher standard is required if you want real change. Placating them and licking their boots will only allow them to continue moving further right. 

I'm not asking for crazy things. These things exist in other governments so we know they are possible. I'm asking for things that have a +60% approval rating across the board with the American electorate. It's sad you think that's a losing strategy.

I feel like you're one of those people that were mad about DUI or seat belt laws getting enacted and arguing that it's going to piss off voters. Not exactly, of course, since we know now those are good things, but a parallel for 2024 good policies.",positive
[deleted],neutral
It is *exhausting*.,negative
Harris could be the only one on the ticket and I’d go out and vote,neutral
Aha gotcha. That makes sense.,neutral
"If it came down to deciding between a democratic candidate that hated seatbelt laws, and a republican candidate who ALSO hated seatbelt laws AND wanted to

* Take away women's bodily autonomy
* Vilify migrants, foreigners and muslims
* Deport  a bunch of families who've been here for multiple generations
* Lock up and/or hang his political opponents (depending on the Tweet)
* Ban books

I may withhold my loud criticism of the anti-seatbelt agenda in order to preserve democracy and prevent that republican for gaining office.

People abhor compromise because it forces them to recognise that things are not black and white, but that's where we are. You have two choices: bad or 1 million times worse. At this stage in the race, using your voice to denigrate the bad candidate ONLY works in the worse candidate's favour.

Asking for ANYTHING is dumb. Save. It. For. After. We. Win.",negative
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"She's not wrong. Unless she leads national avg by 4%, she is an underdog for sure. She's only at 2.3-2.8% atm.",positive
She’s not wrong. This race is STILL too close for comfort,positive
"Citizens United, the electoral college, and the corrupt supreme court has ensured that the people are the underdogs.

They combine to hand the GOP a participation prize presidency every so often.

VOTE FUCKING BLUE!",positive
"Electoral college.

That alone should be your reminder to vote 

Or move to Arizona and vote ...",negative
"Yes. It is clear that the race is currently very tight, and Harris is getting mixed polling numbers.",positive
"WE ARE THE UNDERDOGS! 

Let’s not forget that and become complacent. 

*My apologies for repeatedly posting this but it’s important to get this message out. I’m not a bot. I’m a 72 yo grand father concerned about my children’s children’s children’s future (Moody Blues). I’m committed to do whatever legally I can do to defeat the Orange Cult. I will continue to post on various subs until Election Day so that the word is out there to everyone.  Once again please accept my apology in advance*

Let’s not get complacent. Register to vote. 

Register now, not at the pols. Also check your registration status weekly from here until Election Day. Especially if you live in Arizona, Georgia, Texas or any of the other swing states or Republican controlled states. Go to vote.org. 

Go back to the site regularly to recheck your status. 

Then vote. Vote early in the day so you don’t get shut out. Take the day off from work if you have to. It’s that important. If you can do mail in then do it as soon as possible and then follow up to insure that your vote was received and most important accepted/certified. 

In the meantime talk to that mother, father, aunt, uncle, bil, etc and show them what Trump will do to their lives. Put together a coherent written list of trump lies and deceptions that trump has used in his speeches and show your loved ones the deceptions along with the sources. If you only bring one person over then it’s worth it. every single vote counts!

Project 2025 can be downloaded in PDF format. Just Google it. It’s a massive 900 page document that looks like it came out of the book 1984. Scary as hell. Highlight the sections that will resonate with your loved ones so they will know how this cult will impact their lives. 

Talk to friends and make sure that they are registered and will be voting. On Election Day find out if anyone you know needs a ride to the pols. And give them one. Democracy in action. 

Apathy and complacency are our enemy. We need every vote up and down the ballot. 

We need to send a message loud and clear that 

WE’RE NOT GOING BACK!!!

VOTE!

*PS. Feel free to copy and paste on other subreddits. We need to spread the word to everyone. *",positive
"No more room for complacency, not since 2016.",negative
"Depending on which poll you look at, they ARE the underdogs. Plus she has to overcome the Dem electoral college disadvantages. It's a toss-up right now and we should all work to get the Dems elected up and down the ballot -- if you're in a blue state, you can still phone-bank and postcard.",negative
"If this country wants Trump back, it's going to get exactly what it deserves ",neutral
"The same Newsweek that just this morning say [she was lagging behind Donald](https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-holds-two-swing-state-leads-before-debate-poll-shows-1951127)?

Fuck Newsweek.",negative
This article is from the 3rd.,neutral
Just vote. None of any of this news or polls matter. It's all just getting out and doing the thing. Let's gooo,neutral
"I still don't feel comfortable about Penn. She could use a lot of back-up states. Trump sweeping PA, NC and GA is hardly a weird pipedream. It sucks because Harris might run a 110% campaign while Trump goes all-in on a couple states and may still win.


  Too many think the economy is much worse than it is and are convinced Harris will just allow tens of millions of migrants to run free and commit massive crime waves or vote Democrat. Plus, men still like Trump. I worry perhaps even moreso this time around since he's running against both a woman and a woman of color. Sexism and racism is still rampant.


 Trump doesn't want to actually do work as president but wants the power and immunity. It's a pure vanity project and he obviously has no empathy for anyone besides himself. Both of his parents lived long lives; he could potentially stay in office for another 10 years or more.",negative
"Two things. First, national polls are irrelevant considering the electoral college. I’ve never seen anything remotely suggesting Trump will win the popular vote (even though we all know he will claim to have done so). So what matters are the swing state polls. That leads to the second thing.  Every other day in this sub has a different poll with different calls. One day it’s a kerfuffle over Nate Silver saying Trump is ahead, the next day it’s a poll with Harris ahead. Most of the polls are within the margin of error. Considering these points, it would be grossly negligent for Harris to act like she's got it in the bag. There's still a disturbingly real chance Trump could win (even without meddling by his acolytes throughout the certification process). ",positive
"I like Walz's football analogy a lot. Down by a field goal in the 4th quarter, but we have the ball",positive
"Also, the national lead doesn't mean shit when we elect through the electoral college.  This race is going to be very close.",positive
"She can lead the national average by 20% and it doesn't matter.

What matters is her lead in the handful of competitive states. PA, GA, NC, AZ, and MI are all close.",positive
"Hopefully she'll make Trump look like the complete idiot that he is in the debate.


She REALLY needs to nail the debate.",positive
"It's a dead heat, with Harris ever so slightly behind.",negative
You can volunteer with phone out of state,neutral
"People on Reddit are much more politically engaged. Especially here. If you want to help you should phonebank, text, or canvas. Scarier than posting but worth a lot more! ",positive
"Yeah but the worse part is that is taking us that don’t want him with it.
A lot of us will suffer from another trump presidency.",negative
It's insane how we have to fight this hard to save all those magats. Sometimes I wish he presidency would only affect them.,neutral
"The country never wanted Trump, he lost the popular vote every time. It's the entire system (the electoral college, election interference, voter suppression efforts including voter purges, inadequate voting facilities, not making election day a holiday) that makes the actual will of all voters ""the underdog.""",positive
The entire country doesn’t deserve to suffer just because less than half of Americans are voting for a felon.,negative
"This country never wanted him to begin with. But alas, here we are.  Stuck with the electoral college so the republican party can get their participation trophy as the leader.",negative
nobody deserves tRumpking,neutral
"Because of the electoral college, she could be ahead in the national polls and still be the underdog for the Presidency.  Look at the polls for Pennsylvania.  She's behind in as many as she's leading.  Arizona, which went blue in 2020 and will almost certainly elect another Democratic senator, is leaning red and if we go for Harris it'll be on the backs of the Navajo, again (but I'm voting a straight blue ticket here).  It will be VERY, VERY CLOSE unless there's a big swing one direction or the other in the next two months.",positive
That’s what dead heat is. She’s up if you look one way. And he’s up if you look another. It’s going to come down to the wire.,negative
"It's actually a very close analogy. But we've got to remember the second part -- we've all got to get in there and throw our blocks -- get out and volunteer, even if you're in a blue state. You can phone bank and postcard those in the red ones.",negative
"How in the FUCK could this race possibly be close??!? 

The guy’s a felon, rapist, seditionist and traitor!",negative
"We still have the debate and the Jan 6 evidentiary hearing, both of which are going to be devastating for Trump.",negative
"Follow the money. Look where the Trump campaign is spending their money. In this case, it is PA and GA. Republicans are matching Democratic spending in those states whereas lagging in other swing states. Assuming Trump wins NC (which has not voted for a Democratic president since Obama in 2008), he can give up MI, WI, AZ, and NV and still win 270 electoral votes.",positive
"Yea, but realistically, if she's not winning popular vote by 4%+ she's not winning the swing states either.",negative
I'm going he strokes out with all the coke his advisors are going to give him,neutral
Or ever so slightly ahead.,neutral
"I do phone bank work 2 days a week for the Democratic Party in NH. 
However I have gotten comments from folks who are Redditors but are or perhaps we’re apathetic. So I will keep posting up until Election Day. Please forgive me if my posts are too repetitive for you. We need to make sure everyone, every single one votes.",positive
That's exactly what Trump voters want.,positive
We'll all suffer if Trump wins. And we may not have a democracy by the end of his term.,positive
[deleted],neutral
"That's kind of the way elections usually go though. About half of us feel like we've made a terrible mistake all the time. I just kind of roll with it, we'll either have to survive in Trump world or Harris world. Gotta plan for both, I don't get to pick.",negative
"Yes! I’m in Seattle Washington but I’m donating weekly, doing weekly phone-banks and will be sending postcards to Georgia! #dosomething 🙏🏽💙🗳️✅",positive
"Let me present the sound, rational argument provided by my MAGA relatives: jOe bIdEn mAdE ThE GaS ExPeNsIvEr",negative
"""He is? I'm pretty sure I'd have heard that if it was true and not a liberal hoax."" - your average conservative voter",positive
"Convicted Felon Donald Trump could murder a two year old child on live television with his own two hands and millions of people will still vote for him.


America is full of idiots that are easily manipulated.",negative
Because the vast majority of the voting public is completely tuned out until much closer to the election,neutral
I share your frustration but clearly half the country is so stupid that I don’t know how they function on a day-to-day basis. This includes many of my family and neighbors. The more dim-witted among them are generally the strongest Trump supporters. There is a VERY STRONG correlation.,positive
I mean in theory you can get like 30 percent of the popular vote and win.,positive
"In my opinion, it may or may not be close. I don’t think polls are actually as reliable as they once were. I think the phasing out of landlines left them with no idea how to poll properly.",negative
"It’s unfortunate but I fear a large part of her base doesn’t look fondly on what’s happening in Gaza, especially because it looks like we will be left holding the ethical bag.",positive
There were so many god damn things that were going to be 'devasting' to Cheeto Jesus that it's a foregone conclusion it won't be. The Arlington Cemetry fiasco alone would have killed any candidate in a sane country but of course it came and went like every other bad thing he does.Geez his old age problems are worse than Biden's and the media still gives him a pass on it.I predict the debate changes nothing at best and at worst Kamala could come off as okay and gets portrayed negatively by the media anyway.,negative
The good thing is Trump is not outspending Harris in PA or GA. Her ground game is also better in those two states.,positive
That might not be true this year. It might be closer popular vote to electoral college,positive
"awesome, keep it up!",positive
"It gets them off to do things to people against their will. They’re running a rapist, FFS!",negative
"We won't have a democracy if he's elected, it will be dismantled right away.  Otherwise, he goes to jail...can't have that!",neutral
"It's awfully cavalier to suggest that the queer community, racial and religious minorities and other marginalized groups have a share of the blame because we can't beat the dogshit out of Republicans in broad daylight without getting arrested and put into a system that will destroy their lives. Because we can't lose our jobs and ruin our lives when people say stupid horrible shit. Because we're forced to play nice with a system that wants us dead.",negative
"You can work for the outcome you want, though.",positive
"They also think Biden and Kamala eat and sodomize babies so even if footage of Trump having his way with children on Epstein island came out, they would say he’s still “the better of two evils”",positive
It’s Genocide Don’s fault.,negative
Pennsylvania remains the crucial must-get for Harris.,neutral
Thanks. Spread the word to everyone you know. We need every vote.,positive
[deleted],neutral
Yeah but I have little to no impact. I'd rather dedicate 100% of my resources to brace myself against an uncertain future. My time and money are finite.,negative
That’s true but not what I was disputing,negative
Unless she gets North Carolina.,neutral
"Well frankly, I'm queer and I'm Jewish and I'd rather you not fucking preach to us or at least choose your words better when you make blanket statements on what ""we"" should be doing and stop making fucking assumptions.


You come off like a conservative plant trying to incite explicit statements of violence so you can take them back to your purse holders.",positive
"I personally know a cishet white boy someone who is doing 20 years because he stabbed a Proud Boy.

So maybe realize that in the grown up world, you go to prison.",negative
[deleted],neutral
[deleted],neutral
I like your old post better where you tried to bait people into inciting violence like a fucking idiot.,negative
[deleted],neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"Remember when Trump blamed Obama for lack of COVID-19 preparation? You know, the disease that was only discovered while Trump was in office? This is that, but with soldiers.",negative
"Pepperidge farm remembers:

Trump gushing about handing Afghanistan back to the taliban. 

https://www.mediaite.com/news/watch-trump-gushed-about-handing-afghanistan-over-to-the-taliban-who-would-then-kill-terrorists/",neutral
That's because it was 100% Trump.,neutral
"""GOP wastes more time and taxpayer dollars on another political stunt""",neutral
Wasn't the withdrawal and timing based on the former presidents' (trump) desire to mess up the incoming president (Biden)?,neutral
"Mike Pompeo is the core villain here.  Trump would've never thought of it himself.  Pompeo packaged the idea up as a way to get revenge on Biden for winning the election, and Trump was ""all in"" for that reason alone.  A direct attack on American troops and vets that bled in Afghanistan, all thrown away to score petty butthurt political points.",negative
"I love being constantly reminded that the GOP, the party that loves to accuse Democrats of ""weaponizing the justice system"", keeps shooting themselves in the foot with that system.",positive
"GOP hysterical anger. We went over this. They pulled generals and chiefs of staff before congress to testify, and they DID! They all said everything was done properly and aboveboard, and that the GOP were lying about equipment left behind, etc. It was such a black eye for the GOP that they didn't drag it through 100 sessions like they did Hillary or the impeachments. They did it once and it hurt them so bad they left it to die in the history books.  
  
Now with them trotting out this lie again, they performatively rage against the withdrawal, but we've been over this already. They testified in front of congress. We have the answers. The GOP was responsible, and Biden/Harris performed a wonder of the modern world to pull it off and avoid open warfare. Trump is to blame.",negative
"First report they did in 2022 Kamala was mentioned two times but this report they mentioned her 250 times AND released this report one day before debate

Partisan bs",neutral
"We've gone over this:

[Trump's Deal To End War In Afghanistan Leaves Biden With 'A Terrible Situation' : NPR](https://www.npr.org/2021/03/04/973604904/trumps-deal-to-end-war-in-afghanistan-leaves-biden-with-a-terrible-situation)",negative
Every objection is a confession. AGAIN.,neutral
"Trump released 5000 terrorists, shut down all other bases, and stranded our servicemen in a hostile zone.  He gave us a shit show setup, and a shit show was inevitable.",negative
"""missed it by that much...""",negative
The reason the GOP has never done a whole lot of digging into this shit show is because Trump was largely responsible for the shittiness,negative
"If only conservatives could read, or get their news from somewhere besides Russia.",neutral
"Ah, another Bengazi investigation. The GOP will look at these results…. And decide to open a second investigation just to be sure they didnt miss anything",positive
I want to thank James Comey for going out of his way to definitively prove that neither Biden or Harris are corrupt or incompetent in any way.,negative
The only person responsible for that mess was Donald Trump.,negative
Who’s to blame for the deadly invasion and the deadly occupation of Afghanistan?,negative
They know she didn’t have any role.l and there was no probe. Just a political stunt,negative
The GQP just keeps getting caught with their “alternate facts”.,neutral
"""There is no room for facts"" -Republicans",negative
"5x as many killed in Afghanistan under Trump.

Iran attacked a US military base under Trump. Trump was afraid to respond.",negative
you mean the pandemic that he threw away the Pandemic playbook and decided to wing it for?,neutral
[deleted],neutral
Ironically Obama did have setup for such a situation which Trump fck’d up as soon as he was getting into the office. Fuck these projecting hypocrites,negative
"It's so much worse than that. He handed a country over to terrorists without their cooperation in the negotiations. He intentionally set it so that if the withdrawal date wasn't met, it would be a bloodbath. Then he set an impossible date.  
  
An attack was coming. A timebomb was ticking. Either Biden will 1) retreat and withdraw in shame and execute the orders to pull out but be burned at the stake by the GOP for being a coward, or 2) he would defend his troops, maybe even double down and retaliate, extending a US presence and killing US soldiers for nothing, and the GOP would burn him at the stake for being a war hawk and burying the USA in another war when trump had ordered the withdrawal.  
  
Either way they were setting up dead americans, and either way (they didn't care which) they would use it to attack Biden. They sold US lives to attack a politician. Sick twisted shit.",negative
"True but not action was taken with Trump's approval, regardless if he knew what was going on or not.  Pompeo's plan, Trump's approval, they're both responsible.",positive
"So, either the gqp is full of crap of Democrats are so much smarter than the gqp is to the point they should always hold elected office?",positive
And he sold out the Afghans who fought with us against the Taliban.,negative
And cut funding to cdc in 2016 when he took office. So yeah. Self induced cluster F,positive
"And then one million angels got their wings, how sweet.",positive
"The one where he followed up an expert on disease control by basically saying “Ignore everything that man who knows exactly what he’s talking about said, I’m the president?” In hopes of using the pandemic to help his reelection?",positive
You mean the pandemic he told people not to wear masks for because he didn’t want to wear one so his makeup and spray tan didn’t get messed up?,negative
"It's crazy how dumb many Americans are. If you want to weep for our country, watch this:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPfRGJRMbN8",negative
And was pretty recent. This isn't like someone forgetting who was president before FDR. In 2013 people were blaming Obama for things like Katrina in that happened in 2005. He was 8 months in.......as Senator from Illinois,positive
That was as evil an act as his backstabbing of the Kurds.,negative
Definitely both to blame.  I just want Pompeo to also take a hit on this since he's likely planning on running in 2028.,positive
/r/technicallythetruth,neutral
"Not only ignored, villified.  The amount of people that now think Fauci was this evil monster who wanted to murder americans to make himself rich is sickening.",negative
Seems Like it.,positive
"Or how he encouraged people to drink bleach, inject lysol, take horse tranquilizers, and shove lightbulbs up their asses?",positive
Are we talking about the one where he deliberately directed the DH&HS to buy up all the ventilators in order to keep blue states from having them specifically because they were blue states?,neutral
Pompeo doesn't run. That's why he need lap-band surgery so restrictive he now looks like Don Knotts.,positive
"I’m not alone on this for sure but if Trump told everybody to listen to Fauci, he would have won 2020. The fact the man can’t stop shooting himself in the foot saved us.",positive
"100%.  If he'd allowed the experts to do their jobs and actually tried to have a united country deaths would have been heavily reduced and we wouldn't have the conspiracy theories we have now.  But everything is an opportunity to demonize someone for him, so he went for it.",positive
Cause the man loves keeping that shotgun aimed at his foot,positive
"Unfortunately, he also likes to place the heads of the innocent between that gun and his foot.",positive
Sadly,negative
"It's not that he bungled it. He actively sabotaged it. Put his son in charge of supplies, and his son stole the money and gave contracts to friends who never delivered (but got paid). Stole vaccine shipments to use elsewhere, intentionally sicced the mob on masks because (I kid you not) it smeared his bronze tan and he refused to wear one. Stopped all quarantine effectiveness, defanged any punishment for spreading, held superspreader events that infected hundreds, regularly, did all he could to get americans killed so he could campaign on making things better. He literally was happy US citizens were dying and when he had an option to help chose to harm so that more WOULD diie. Because he thought it was killing dems more than republicans.",negative
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"Hey, I'm ~~walkin~~ supportin Kamala Harris here!",neutral
Are you talkin’ to me? … about my support of Vice President Kamala Harris and her run for president,positive
These grassroots efforts could play a big role in the election.,positive
Michael Imperioli seems an oversight. Everyone loves Christufah.,positive
This paisan is for Harris/Walz. 🇮🇹,neutral
"Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in… with sensible policies that help the American people.",positive
"Sign me up! Love this. Leave the Trump, vote the Kamolli!",positive
"This should get a lot more coverage. There are a lot of retired Italian Americans in Florida, and they seem to be 50-50 split, or even leaning Trump. Peel off a few percentage points of that cohort, and it gets closer to a Blue Florida.

Most other states I can think of with a big “Little Italy” presence are already blue or dark blue.",neutral
"Don’t Fohgeddaboudit, vote!",neutral
Joe Pesci should moderate the 2nd debate.,neutral
"nytimes is garbage. release the trump emails like you did the Clinton emails, traitors.",positive
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.nytimes.com/2024/09/08/us/politics/paisans-for-kamala-robert-de-niro-pelosi.html) reduced by 72%. (I'm a bot)
*****
> For the weeks-old Kamala Harris campaign, it has been a Zoom window.

> On Sunday night, former Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York was holding forth from one such window, swirling a glass of Montepulciano d&#039;Abruzzo in a restaurant in Baltimore&#039;s Little Italy, trying to draw an Italian family dinner memory out of Robert De Niro at &quot;Paisans for Kamala,&quot; a livestreamed online fund-raiser billed as an Italian Sunday Dinner that was hosted by the Italian American Democrats.

> Subsequent events have included &quot;White Dudes for Harris&quot;, &quot;Cooking for Kamala&quot;, &quot;Deadheads for Kamala&quot;, and many more.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/1fcmqo7/the_latest_zoom_for_harris_paisans_for_kamala/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 2.02, ~693539 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Harris**^#1 **campaign**^#2 **Kamala**^#3 **fund-raiser**^#4 **Zoom**^#5",positive
Whatsa matta for you?  Why you no vote for Kamala?,negative
This Paisan is for Harris/Walz,neutral
How did I miss this one?! This is an awesome lineup.,positive
Here's a link to last night's ‘Paisans for Kamala' video. Enjoy! www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXRLU3gX2RU,positive
Harris Walz or I'm going to smack you with a semolina!,neutral
"Not a single one of our allies hopes Donald Trump wins in two months. Not one. Donald Trump is the Russian candidate. And watch Harris make a fool of Putin tomorrow, which will make his disciple Trump very angry.",neutral
I always loved Steve Buscemi but I never knew why. Now I know! Always had the inkling he was a good dude.,positive
"Ugh, I definitely spent too much time trying to figure out what a P-asian was, and how these people fit that group. I think I need more coffee.",positive
I hope they do another one…I want in on this SO BAD.,negative
The amount of money raised is just mind blowing.,neutral
"Hey there, paisanos! It's the Kamala Harris Super Show!",positive
 Wish I had known about this for my Italian-American husband! That’s pretty awesome.,positive
"Shoutout to the late, great Catherine Scorsese! Do yourself a favor and watch Italianamerican and stay tuned for her recipe for meatballs.",positive
"**""Paisans for Kamala""**

That's cute.

DeNiro is my personal favorite. He and I are about the same age and we use the same sort of descriptive language. I am very glad he is out there speaking up with a voice people will listen to. He says the things I want to say, the way I want to say them.",positive
What the heck is a paisan?,neutral
"This submission source is likely to have a soft paywall. If this article is not behind a paywall please report this for “breaks r/politics rules -> custom -> ""incorrect flair"""". [More information can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/index/#wiki_paywalls)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",positive
I’m waiting for Aliens for Kamala.,neutral
Where is weirdos for Harris? Not all weirdos are the trump type of weird.,negative
"Where's Sylvester Stallone, Stanley Tucci, Paul Giamatti, Ariana Grande & Danny DeVito?",neutral
"Maybe this will produce a Trump ""I don't care how many dago guinea wop greaseballs come outta the woodwork"" soundbite, and he loses that one crucial vote in Long Island. ",negative
Give me Walz's recipe for White Guy Gabagool,neutral
I already loved Marissa ❤️,positive
I love this!,positive
Kamala's Mafia,neutral
"lol poor Robert De Niro, so relatable how dejected and exhausting it all is. Just have to keep on going.",negative
"Wait a minute...In Goodfellas, DeNiro was Irish!! Which is the troof?!!",neutral
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NL-WPP2rdY&t=204s,neutral
"Lol it took me a minute to notice it was ""Pai-sans"" and not ""P-asians"" thinking it was some new Pacific Asian group, but that made zero sense with the names listed. Maybe I just need some caffeine.",positive
"That’s a lot of Hollywood/California, maybe not the best look, she’s already getting those votes, “Cowboys for Kamala” would be a more strategic play.",negative
No Mario and Luigi?,negative
"Surprised but happy that Ruffalo did this, just because he’s been quite critical (justifiably) of how the US has enabled Israel’s war in Gaza. Goes to show that you don’t need to offer uncritical support to Harris in order to defeat fascism. ",negative
"Cool! I love hearing which candidate the millionaire celebrities endorse.  Honestly, I don’t get why this is important for you all.",positive
yessss  everyone give all your extra money to the next world leader!  and continue to ignore all the people around you that could actually use some help.  merica,positive
Cringe,neutral
"Great line, but I believe that was Dustin Hoffman :)",positive
It was actually a really entertaining zoom meeting here’s a clip -  https://youtu.be/BVwzZfVQP6E?si=7IC4W_Wk1tn1UIyt,positive
Bobby! Are you cooin’ my Kamala?,neutral
"They eat mostly pasta. 
Pastaroots",neutral
"> Pelosi

> grassroots

Yeh ok",positive
Maybe he flipped.,neutral
"Finally! That's his arc, Paulie!",neutral
"538 has Florida going for Trump by about 4% right now.  With 13,600,000 registered voters, they need to move about 544,000 people into the blue column.  Or a bit more than the entire population of Miami.",neutral
"*Joe Pesci notices trump laughing at a question he asked*

Joe Pesci: What's so funny trump?  Do you think I'm funny? Am I funny like I'm a clown to you? Do I amuse you? Do I make you laugh?",positive
For real. People need to stop reading this rag. ,negative
Fellow Oregonian paisan for Harris!,neutral
Right? How cool would that have been???,positive
"Sadly, it won’t matter one iota to those Americans that will vote for him to lead your country. That’s the real issue - all those unhappy and delusional citizens. ",negative
"He's a literal firefighter and was a first responder on 9/11, no joke. He's an incredible actor, but also an incredible human being.",negative
"It is Neapolitan pronunciation - not standard Italian - for paesano, which means 'fellow countryman,' 'person living in the countryside, peasant.' In the US, among those identifying as being the descendants of Italian immigrants, the term means a fellow Italian-American.

DO NOT use this word in Italy to address a random person.",neutral
"DeVito and Grande were big Bernie Sanders supporters in the 2020 primaries so we know they are lefties, and should have joined in. 

I don't know Giamatti's politics, only that he's an atheist married to a Jewish wife. Stanley Tucci is at the very least left of center politically, since he chided Italian right-wingers about inhumane immigration policies in conversations on his cuisines of Italy TV series. Plus he's been in the *Hunger Games* movies that lampoon dystopian futuristic fascism.

I think Stallone is a moderate Republican (also appears to donate money to right-of-center Democrats), as he endorsed John McCain back in 2008 but did not give any endorsements to Donald Trump. Stallone only said one nice thing about Trump in 2016 before he was elected. Stallone has been radio silent on Trump ever since then, though.",positive
No we should totally give every dollar and ounce of attention we have to conflict areas instead of worrying about our own country being on the brink of fascism! I swear people like you live in fairyland. We need to keep Trump out of office so we can continue to give aid to said countries like we already are...,negative
Hoffman?! It’s a fuckin’ nickname! Family name is Hoffmanarelli!,neutral
"Yeah but playing a character with the last name Rizzo, which is very Italian.

Edit: his character's full name is Enrico Salvatore  ""Ratso"" Rizzo.",positive
"Obviously the Politics forum is the perfect place to point out that the famous “I’m walkin’ here” line was improvised. That cab was real and went around the barrier set up by the movie crew to get where they were going so it was totally unplanned. What does this have to do with politics?  Shut your trap and vote people, stop thinking about my post!!!",negative
"lol      
Ok, you got me on that one",positive
Wheatroots,neutral
All organic donations.,neutral
"Knock that down to 420,000 to reflect turnout. Knock it down by half to reflect the number needed to “flip” as opposed to getting out new voters.

Still a lot, but the campaign does not need to change 544,000 minds. Abortion is already doing a lot of that lifting in Florida, and Marijuana is another big chunk of voters that will naturally lean D. 

That number will be a lot closer to 100,000 than to half a mil. Worth chasing.",positive
"Nice. Speaking of *Goodfellas*, it's a huge shame that Ray Liotta and Paul Sorvino have both been dead for two years now (RIP). Would be pretty awesome if they were still able to join in on this with Lorraine Bracco and Robert De Niro. Hopefully they were present in spirit!",positive
"SQUIT: I love bein' a Goodfeather! No matter what happens, we stick together, like the Three Musketeers!  
PESTO: Musketeers? Whaddayou mean by that?  
SQUIT: I just said we're like the Three Musketeers -- you know, ""All for one and one for all.""  
PESTO: Are you sayin' that I am Annette Funicello here to wear mouse ears for you? That I am some kind of ""Hey there, hi there, ho there, come and join the jamboree!"" punk on a kids' TV show?? Is that what you're sayin'?!  
SQUIT: No, no, I'm just sayin' we're Musketeers.  
PESTO:  I....am a Musketeer.  
SQUIT:  Yeah, yeah, that's what I'm sayin'!  
PESTO: THAT'S IT!  I'LL SHOW YOU A MUSKETEER!  
BOBBY: *laughs*",positive
Dance Spider!,neutral
"Except Trump never laughs, that one of his sociopathic tells",negative
And this one! ,neutral
Not realizing they’re voting for the side that ensured their plight was unavoidable.,neutral
Could you please tell us why it would be rude to address a random person this way? How would it be received there?,negative
What are we the fuckin UN now?,neutral
Fuckin' Jay Cee. He's dyslexic.,neutral
"Well yeah haha, but I thought you were referencing him for attending the meeting. 100% agreed on the Italian. I just didn't see him listed.",positive
Paul Sorvino was a Drumpf supporter,positive
Can an Oregon Scotch/Irish join?  I'll bring beer.,positive
"Slight correction. Paese means your town. So a paesano is someone from your village. It’s the equivalent to “homeboy.”

Here in the states it has evolved to mean “fellow Italian.”

I don’t think you’d “offend” anyone in Italy if you called them paesano. Like, I don’t think they’ll punch you or anything.

But you’ll look like a clown. Because you’re, clearly, not from their neighborhood.",positive
Ah! I didn't know that. Thanks for sharing. Also a shame.,negative
You're in! ,neutral
"Great explanation, thank you. I figured it might be something like ""pal"", which on the surface might seem like you're calling someone a friend, but really it sounds like you're being a bit aggressive. ",positive
Very disappointing when I hear about anyone that supports that clown,negative
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
The housing plan is very interesting and probably the most important kitchen table issue right now.,positive
I'll take anything that isn't boot-licking fascism for 500 Alex.,neutral
"Which, you know, actually sounds like it ought to appeal to and serve the interests of the vast majority of Americans?",positive
It’s amazing that “politician does things the people want” is noteworthy but compared to MAGA I guess it is ,positive
Archive link: [Kamala Harris economic policy: How the VP has defined her agenda - The Washington Post (archive.org)](https://web.archive.org/web/20240909130203/https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2024/09/09/kamala-harris-economy-policy/),neutral
"Sounds great to me. 

Better than fascism with a healthy dose of Third Reich-ism.",positive
"At the moment, defeating the Orange Man is paramount to Democrats and their allies. But something I noticed when reading the article was that the Harris team repeatedly changed/softened policy direction after pressure from business leaders. Which means she's still incredibly soft policy wise, which means she can be moved in either direction. Should she win, it will be interesting to see how much pressure befalls her administration in multiple directions.",positive
Just so long as it wins the marginal voter in PA.,positive
the way y’all don’t see this as alarming and a sign of the Overton window careening right as neoliberals and centrists happily oblige is…interesting!,positive
Pretty uninspiring stuff to be sure.  The Dems strategy once again comes down to 'Trump is worse'.,positive
100% centrism. 100% expected.  100% losing strategy.,negative
"This submission source is likely to have a soft paywall. If this article is not behind a paywall please report this for “breaks r/politics rules -> custom -> ""incorrect flair"""". [More information can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/index/#wiki_paywalls)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",positive
"I hope we can help other voting Americans recognize that Democratic and government-for-good policies can support people and invest long-term in our families, neighbors and communities. 

Sure, the Overton window has shifted (and amplified in media) — but maybe we can move toward popular policies that help more people by electing up and down the ballot left-leaning “radical marxists” who move things back away from the far-right 

Unthinkable —> 
Radical —>
Acceptable —>
Sensible —>
Popular —>
Policy",positive
Which agenda? Her original that failed miserably or the new one that is vague and ill-defined?,negative
"Whatever, as long as the cities aren't on fire much.",positive
being installed is not centrist. Make no mistake that it was decided NOT to have an open convention.,positive
"Hard agree. Rent, groceries, and gas. Gas prices are falling right now, but the other two are too stubbornly high. The Fed can say they kept inflation under 3% all they want, but it's just a 3% rise in prices instead of a fall - many goods are still too expensive relative to a few years ago.",negative
This but getting voters to actually know about the plan is a problem. The media unfortunately largely does not talk about policy so many voters likely do not know any details if they know she has a housing plan at all.,negative
Sure beats a rapey criminal who only divides America.,negative
"The article described her policy proposals as ""less as a grand unified vision than an effort to say just enough to beat former president Donald Trump"".  And for many, that's enough.",positive
"I've only seen evidence of her moving in one direction. Like, she has been under pretty sustained pressure on the Israel issue and hasn't budged an inch on that.",positive
[removed],neutral
"It seems a lot of the momentum on the Sanders-esque left flank more or less tapered out since 2020. And many people on that end of the spectrum readily endorsed Harris without policy demands as pre-conditions. It certainly doesn't help that the Gaza War, a significant issue for a not-so-insignificant part of the left, doesn't seem to have much daylight between what Biden is currently doing and what Harris proposes, which can dampen turnout just enough to affect the election.",negative
"“Times chief political analyst Nate Cohn:

He occupies the center. A near majority of voters say Mr. Trump is “not too far” to the left or right on the issues, while only around one-third say he’s “too far to the right.” Nearly half of voters, in contrast, say Ms. Harris is too far to the left; only 41 percent say she’s “not too far either way.

Of course, Donald Trump does not actually “occupy the center” — what Cohn meant is that Trump is perceived as occupying the center. (At least according to this measure.) This is not an insignificant difference!

So where does that perception come from? It comes, in part, from news companies like the New York Times.

https://www.findinggravity.net/p/a-new-poll-finding-voters-think-donald?utm_campaign=post&utm_medium=web",positive
"Finally, one person in this thread who gets it.",neutral
"Versus what, a fascist dictatorship? Your's is a really bad take",negative
Too comical you claim anything she does is vague and ill-defined when her opponent can hardly speak coherently and only taking points are fear and revenge.,negative
Get better news sources.,positive
"Seems like vague and ill defined can be successful to a large section of the population.

From 2020

In a tweet, Trump said that he would ""prefer a new and updated platform, short form, if possible."" The RNC did not do this, just issuing a one-page document stating opposition to the ""Obama/Biden administration"" and supporting President Trump's instead",positive
"I know, HOW DARE black people protest being murdered by the police!",negative
"Right? The president at the time sure did fail the nation in letting cities burn like that. 

We really should make sure that a president that let cities burn isn't in office, shouldn't we?",positive
"You guys still beating this dead horse?

During this period, people familiar with the Democratic Party rules pointed out that Rule 13J of the delegate selection rules contained a loophole that would allow convention delegates to vote for whoever they wanted to vote for; just because Biden had won the vast majority of delegates didn’t mean the delegates were stuck with him.",negative
"Political parties are private organisations. They can select whoever they want, however they want, according to their own rules.

“The Democratic Party Primary” is not part of the electoral process. If you want to change the rules that allowed this, become a member of the party and campaign for a change.",positive
…which has nothing to do with who’s President.,neutral
It's not likely grocery prices will *deflate* but they have been stable the past year. There was a lot of gouging in 21-22 but I think the jig is up. The Fed was too slow to raise rates which caused a lot of this mess IMO.,negative
A fall would be deflation which leads to recession which is bad. Deflation is generally a bad thing for an economy.,negative
"Yep. And I think it’s a smart strategy. Hillary Clinton and Elizabeth Warren had ultra detailed policy plans, and that didn’t net either of them a win.",positive
"A smaller, sane policy target is easier to sell and gives Harris some latitude in office, should she win.",positive
"Dude at this point if she walks up on stage....says ""I like potatoes! goobillygok"", and offers nothing on her platform I'll still vote for her. Compared to the Burning Diaper Dumpster fire that is Trump she's basically the second coming of Washington/Lincoln/FDR.",negative
"The touting of the Cheney endorsement like it was a prize gave me full flashbacks to 2016 when progressives were blamed for Hilary losing. The erosion of our rights in America has been pretty apparent to any minority in America with a half a frontal lobe and yet we’re supposed to be excited for someone who is committed to that same status quo? Like, I’m sorry I want healthcare and college instead of another billion tax dollars dedicated to carpet bombing indigenous civilians across the globe. I’m sorry I can’t see the value in financially supporting the modern day equivalent of Rhodesia and Apartheid South Africa. Why is this such a controversial take? The way they think ignoring progressives will make these problems disappear is so insane to me.",positive
"If her campaign team is the same as Biden’s this would be deeply unsurprising yet extremely alarming. I’m not trying to sound defeatist but if there were any signs in the last 4 years that the American working class is about to crash head first into a brick wall, this is it. We’re about to get a collective lesson on what the Imperial Boomerang is. It’s not gonna be good.",negative
"I didn't say anything about her opponent. If I was wrong and her agenda was not vague and ill-defined you would not be speaking of her opponent either, funny eh.",neutral
"They are, and they could have allowed their members to have a say in the selection process by having an open convention and, decidedly did not. When their members did have a chance they did not support this candidate. 

The elections are not part of the electoral process? This is the respect, or the lack of it, that the Democratic candidate and party have for democracy and can be described in many ways but centrist it is not. Her installation was an extreme act. 

I am campaigning for change right now. Your solution is to surrender to the machine and become the establishment, that is not my goal.",positive
"The economy has lots to do with who is in office. It is no coincidence that the worst economic downturns since the Republican Great Depression happened under Republicans using Republican policies. We need to stop denying this reality.

Sure, not everything is under their control, but the best inflation rates and the best national economic recovery after the COVID crash came about substantially because we had Joe Biden in the White House, and falling gas prices was entirely Biden's doing.",positive
"That hardly matters to most voters. As far as they're concerned, if it happened under the current president's watch, it's their fault. ""Buck stops with them"" and all that other crap.",negative
"True and it’s not like a detailed 15 point plan is actually what gets through Congress anyways. 

All that presidents and leaders can do is have ideas, visions and get the right people to get it done. The House and Senate are where the bills get written.

My biggest gripe of the narrative that Hillary Clinton knows policy and great at the details is that skill set is great in Congress. It’s not what a President needs to be able to do. A president needs to lead and be able to get everyone on the same page and motivated.

Overall, I like Harris’s approach.",positive
"“Hey government, I give you nearly half of everything I have ever earned. Can you give me a return on investment rather than using that money to blow up brown kids?”

Republicans: “No.”

Democrats: “No 🤗🏳️‍🌈💅🌴🥥”",positive
"And, as evidenced by the shifts in policy detailed in this article, she is much more connected to the modern business world than Biden was (which likely helped him be more pro-labor than even many progressives anticipated). There's a reason billionaire megadonors were comfortable enough to publicly call for her to fire Lina Khan of the FTC. No indication that she will do that, but the pressure is intense.",negative
You can see her entire agenda detailed on her campaign website ya nut.,neutral
">The elections are not part of the electoral process?

Let me just state the fact for you one more time: the primaries are not an election. They are not part of the electoral process. They are the current method by which the major parties select their candidate.

They are not enshrined in law, or the constitution. Hell, primaries have only been a common practice for about 50 years.

Primaries are a fine way to pick candidates, but they aren't the only way, and they are definitely not institutional. Harris' selection was unorthodox, but ""extreme""? Please. Learn some history and find a way to relax, yeah?

Nothing has been taken from you. You can vote for whoever you want in November. I assume since you care about democracy it won't be the guy arguing in court that it's acceptable for a president to trick the VP into signing fraudulent certificates of ascertainment and elect the loser of the election. Right?",positive
I was referring specifically to the examples in OP’s post - couldn’t agree more with what you’ve posted here.,positive
"Morons then. Ok. 

Try to educate them when you see them.",negative
Hillary was set to be a very powerful and influential senator from a safe state.,positive
True. You can go to her website and read a vague ill-defined agenda. Insults are a good indication of how weak a person is. Replacing a well-formed or informed opinion with childish insults says a lot more about the person and their position than their opposition.,negative
"You are claiming that elections, held by states are not part of the electoral process. That is how far removed you are from reality you are to defend this extreme action. 50 years of precedent is not enough? I never claimed they are the only way, you are arguing with yourself, which I can understand given the length you are going to make an absurd argument. What I did say is that a decision was made to NOT have an open convention, which is one of the other ways the party can select a candidate. I never said anything was taken from me, again you are inventing something do disagree with. Something has obviously been taken away from the members of the party, who traditionally have a voice in the selection of their candidate but in this extreme action, the voice of the people was ignored. 

You really seem to like making assumptions that you can disagree with, that is why this conversation is pointless. I am discussing facts and reality while you disagree with your assumptions. I am not the source of your internal conflict.",negative
"You think being called a nut is an insult? 

Wow, thin skin I see. My apologies. 

So who are you voting for?",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"This is a true head scratcher for any Black voter out there. Vote for the first Black female president in American history, or vote for the convicted felon who got sued by the Justice Department for refusing rent to people like them:

[‘No Vacancies’ for Blacks: How Donald Trump Got His Start, and Was First Accused of Bias](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/28/us/politics/donald-trump-housing-race.html)

[Donald Trump was accused of racism long before his presidency, despite what online posts claim](https://apnews.com/article/fact-check-trump-racism-election-obama-018824651613)

[Donald Trump’s long history of racism, from the 1970s to 2020](https://www.vox.com/2016/7/25/12270880/donald-trump-racist-racism-history)

[Trump refuses to condemn White supremacists at presidential debate](https://www.cnn.com/2020/09/30/politics/proud-boys-trump-white-supremacists-debate/index.html)

[Trump Repeatedly Used N-Word, According to His Own Nephew](https://www.thedailybeast.com/fred-c-trump-iii-says-donald-trump-repeatedly-used-n-word)

>“Black guys counting my money! I hate it. … I think that the guy is lazy. And it’s probably not his fault, because laziness is a trait in blacks. It really is, I believe that. It’s not anything they can control.”

>– Donald Trump, according to former president of Trump Plaza Hotel and Casino in Atlantic City",negative
"I love how the *New York Times* and other pollsters and news outlets make a huge deal about Trump's gains among Black voters (sometimes showing him reaching 20% of the Black vote), yet when a poll is preformed *exclusively* among Black voters is done, it shows that he nabs 12%. That's still an increase, but a very modest one.",positive
I still don't understand why any black person would vote for Trump.,neutral
"Washington post won’t release the trump campaign emails, while they were happy to do the opposite with the Clinton campaign emails. I wonder what their motivation could be?",positive
I thank you all for your service to democracy even when it's so often doesn't work out in your favor because of all the bullshit.,positive
Black Americans can win this election for us.  They just have to turn out and vote,positive
"For anyone curious or on the fence, here’s an entire [Wikipedia page](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racial_views_of_Donald_Trump) (with 484 sources) about Trump’s racism. He’s been a racist his entire life with the first big instance in 1973 when he was sued for racial discrimination for refusing to rent to Black people. Four of his agents admitted they were not allowed to rent to black people and used the abbreviation “C for colored” to label Black applicants. Trump settled in 1975 without admitting wrongdoing doing and was forced to rent to Black applicants. He was sued again in 1978 for still refusing to rent to Black applicants. Apparently, he also told a Justice Department lawyer that “you know, you don’t want to live with them either.”",negative
Harris is still below Biden 2020 with black voters though. We need to ramp up the campaigning even more. ,neutral
It is unfathomable to me that anybody besides a rich straight white guy that fucking hates the country could ever vote for trump.,positive
If I had to guess there’s probably a similar correlation for white voters and Trump.,neutral
"After his appearance at the national black journalist convention, I’m not surprised. That was one of the most disastrous moments in modern Presidential election history.",negative
"Oh, yeah?  Well, what about all those white guys wearing ""Blacks for Trump"" t-shirts?!",positive
"Age 18-29: 32%--->47%

Pretty lame numbers from a group of people who should care the most about the future.",positive
"Trust no polls. Get out and vote, nothing is a sure thing. Bring a friend. Take pictures and make it a cool trend. 🇺🇸💙🇺🇸💙",positive
"Of course, why wouldn’t we",neutral
"This submission source is likely to have a soft paywall. If this article is not behind a paywall please report this for “breaks r/politics rules -> custom -> ""incorrect flair"""". [More information can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/index/#wiki_paywalls)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",positive
"Keep telling yourselves that, you'll wake up surprised af in November",positive
"""If you don't vote for me, you ain't black"" sums it up pretty well to me.  Democrats are very content using identity to guilt people into voting for them, but GOP want people to be informed of policy.  That's pretty telling, IMO.",positive
"Don't forget the Central Park 5, aka Trump's first assignment after whatever went down on his recent trip to Moscow.",positive
Didn't he follow that quote with something about only wanting Jews to count his money?,neutral
"When asked about this quote, Trump himself said he probably said it.",neutral
"Well to be fair, he has a mugshot so he's practically one of us. Plus he sold some shoes, and most black people are single issue shoe salesman voters.

It's insane every time I hear the right talk about black people, it's like they're only experience with the black community is watching old blacksploitation movies from the 60s.",positive
"Bulwark had a segment recently on a focus group they did with black and hispanic voters who previously voted for Clinton and Biden, and are now leaning Trump.  It's just... astounding.  I'm beside myself when I listen to these people reject their own eyes and ears as evidence.  It's depressing to listen to, but if you must:

  
[https://youtu.be/pHusEDZ2arY?t=829](https://youtu.be/pHusEDZ2arY?t=829)",negative
"Doesn’t the Plaza quote continue with Trump saying instead of blacks, he wants Jews handing “his” money?",neutral
"If there’s anything black voters should remember about voting for Obama, our first black President, kept up the tradition of bombing the Middle East with a record high amount of drone strikes from any President in office. 

Who gives a fuck if Kamala is Black/Indian. She is just as bad as Trump if you look at how the Presidents affect global change. 

Vote Green if you dont want that on your conscious. More importantly vote for House and Senate so if Trump wins, government will at least be in a stalemate and veto his decisions.",negative
If he's at 12% right now then I wouldn't be shocked if he dips under 10% during the election.,positive
"I’m 40 and every election I’ve voted in, ever, going back to GWB, has had stories about how the republicans are going to hit 20% of the black vote.  

Every election, every four years, they push this same lie.

He’s not getting 20%.  He’s not even getting 10%.",neutral
"Or any woman. Or any Latino. Or
Any Muslim. Or anyone who isn’t a straight white Christian man",positive
"I've met a few, and they all seemed like very apolitical, low-information voters to me. When one described Trump as a ""successful businessman"" who could ""get our economy back on track"", I was so flabbergasted that I didn't even know how to answer it.",positive
Especially when it’s been repeatedly shown that conservatives will never accept out groups as “one of the good ones” yet they still persist with the delusion ,positive
Their preacher tells them to vote for Trump and pass the collection plate.,neutral
Same reason why white people do it. Because they hate certain other groups of people more than they care about anything else.,positive
"I have a little insight to this. My brother, who is also Black, plans to vote for Trump. What can I tell you about my brother? He in uneducated and low informed. He has been an underachiever his whole life. He has always looked to make money off of scams and get rich quick schemes. He thinks Trump is someone who is winning despite everyone looking down on him. He somehow sees himself in Trump.",positive
"Let’s be honest, there are a lot of democrat policies the black community is not in favor of. Gender issues, abortion, gay rights, immigration, and vaccines are some of them. 

I’m in a very liberal city with a lot of diversity, immigrants and migrants, and I personally know a bunch voting for Trump because he will “kick them all out.”",positive
"Julian Assange isn’t around to make a big spectacle about it either…

Oh wait, he wouldn’t have done it regardless. It’s almost like the fucker wanted Trump to win",positive
"I pretty much believe that's what happened in 2020. Detroit, Philly,Atlanta and Savannah.",positive
I understand what you are saying but… Hopefully they realize that they need to win this election for themselves and turn out and vote.,positive
Biden was never a prosecutor and isn't a woman.  There are also anti abortion black voters.  We definitely need to do outreach but some things are baked in.,positive
"Keep in mind that these numbers are confounded by voter disenfranchisement efforts.

The only ones part of this tally are people who were succesfully able to have their votes counted.",neutral
"> Democrats are very content using identity to guilt people into voting for them, but GOP want people to be informed of policy.

You mean the guy who in 2016 said ""black people vote for me because you got nothing to lose and it can't get worse"" or ""black people identify with me because of my felony charges and persecution by the justice system. Buy my sneakers!"" or ""immigrants are stealing black jobs"" or ""Kamala turned black all of sudden. Since when has she been black?"" 

Yeah I'm sure that guy and his party parroting those attacks are above identity politics and only trying to talk about policy.",positive
You can’t be serious. I don’t believe it,negative
That’s hilarious because the gop have NO Policy.  Zero policy.,negative
"I haven't heard a single dam gop policy, please tell me some",positive
Which he never apologized for and actually doubled down on,negative
"Yep: ""The only kind of people I want counting my money are short guys that wear yarmulkes every day.""

And then later, he followed it with this:

[Trump tweets image depicting Clinton, cash and the Star of David](https://www.politico.com/story/2016/07/donald-trump-hillary-clinton-star-david-225058)",positive
"Yeah, vote Green to help Russia wipe out Ukraine!

[Russians launched pro-Jill Stein social media blitz to help Trump win election, reports say](https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/national-security/russians-launched-pro-jill-stein-social-media-blitz-help-trump-n951166)",positive
"Well, this is certainly selective. Trump’s use of drone strikes [actually exceeded Obama’s](https://chicago.suntimes.com/news/2019/5/8/18619206/under-donald-trump-drone-strikes-far-exceed-obama-s-numbers), largely because [he loosened policy safeguards](https://www.aclu.org/news/national-security/trumps-secret-rules-for-drone-strikes-and-presidents-unchecked-license-to-kill) and let the military strike targets with impunity. 

Though it doesn’t get talked about as much as it should, Biden [brought the drone war to a halt](https://theweek.com/foreign-policy/1007579/biden-nearly-ended-the-drone-war-and-nobody-noticed) when he took office. I am genuinely perplexed by the idea that we should let Trump win again because of the drone strike issue (and no, simply voting for a Democratic Congress is not a sufficient safeguard, as presidents have wide latitude to act unilaterally in foreign affairs).",negative
Same. His racist shit will hit the airwaves and probably drop that number down.,negative
"From what I understand, national polls and state polls to a lesser extant, have a history of underestimating Democratic support among Black voters (with the exception of Obama, of course). But polls done exclusively among Black voters, tend to be more in line with historical voting patterns.  

It is also frustrating that pollsters don't look at the recent historical voting trends. Just look at 2022, when Black voters overwhelmingly backed Democratic candidates, same with special elections in 2023. But pollsters mean to tell me that there will be the largest racial realignment since the passage of the Civil Rights and Voting Rights Act in the span of two years with no outside event causing it? I just don't buy it. Do I think Trump has made *some* inroads with Black voters? Sure. But not anywhere near some of the numbers we are seeing in polls.",positive
I'm a white dude and don't know how any white person would vote for someone who tried to overthrow democracy and is a known rapist and sex pest.,negative
Straight white pretend Christian…,positive
"Straight, white, Christian, and wealthy man.",positive
Also anyone who isn’t a multimillionaire!,neutral
The more Americans you meet the less faith you have in the notion of an informed electorate.,positive
You need a special set of skills to bankrupt a casino.,negative
"I was just talking today to somebody who's argument was, ""stuff cost less when Trump was president.  I want stuff to cost less.  I'm voting Trump.""  They were unwilling (or unable?) to discuss the matter with any depth of thought.",negative
Does he understand Trump hates him?,negative
"Weird that you saw the word ""us"" and felt that Black Americans were excluded from that word? Your comment is irrelevant if you didn't assume that, so which is it?",negative
"> Hopefully they realize that they need to win this election for themselves and turn out and vote.

Are you saying black Americans aren't a part of the ""us"" in this country? That seems a little racist and segregating",positive
"As per the family motto: A Trump never pays his debts. Or apologizes. Or commits a crime. Or makes mistakes. Or learns anything after age 12. Or shows empathy. Or has concerns for the welfare of others. Or does anything that doesn't directly benefit Trump.

I'm forgetting parts of it. It's quite lengthy. Which, other than his rap sheet or list of lies is the only other time you'll see ""lengthy' describe Trump.",negative
Better than voting for Blue and Red who are both bought out by AIPAC.,positive
"Well from what I can compare, people actually gave a fuck about issues when Trump was president and was out protesting and rallying. I dont see jack shit from the media nowadays. The student encampments, israel AIPAC protests are all on media blackout because we’re in liberal presidency. So I welcome Trump’s last four years in office if it means we dont have to hear his name again as well as banding together as people once again.",positive
I agree. Also are the polls picking up the huge waves of women and black people who’ve registered to vote since Kamala was announced as the nominee? I’m skeptical about that.,positive
White dudes for Harris. Makes me sad for all the wives and daughters in their households. How do you justify to your wife and child voting for a rapist who said his victim wasn’t hot enough to rape?,negative
"Who hates the military, facts, and his fellow Americans. No decent person, white man or otherwise, would ever vote for this disgrace of a human being.",negative
Stuff cost even less when Woodrow Wilson was president.  Tell them to write him in.,neutral
No. He thinks the media lies about Trump.,negative
"Hey man, I don't think he meant it that way. Please, let's not start from an assumption of hate and division.

We're all Americans. We should vote for ourselves and for our neighbors. One doesn't exclude the other. It's the opposite. By supporting our neighbors we support ourselves.",positive
"I definitely took it as if they need to come in and vote to win it for someone other than themselves.  Maybe I read too much into it... but there is a history of people treating minorities as a monolithic group... also, as in this case, heavily implying that they won't vote like the other demographics don't have a voter turn out problem?",negative
"I think it’s more of a “don’t do it for other people, do it for your own betterment” type statement. Often times we phrase doing hard or inconvenient things “for my family” or “for my kids” when in reality we should want to do good things for ourselves first.",positive
"No that isn't what I'm saying.  That was an assumption I made about the OP's comments on black people ""turning out"".  

Are you saying that Black American's don't turn out to vote and are a monolithic group that only votes one way?",negative
"Sorry, I'm not going to accuse you of anything as per this subreddit's rules, but I just can't take a person who seems to do nothing but try to lure away votes from Harris to a known Russian plant seriously.

[Red Alert: Putin Puppet Jill Stein and her Russia-Friendly Agenda](https://www.thirdway.org/memo/red-alert-putin-puppet-jill-stein-and-her-russia-friendly-agenda)

Trump is a racist who thinks all Black people are lazy and dumb, and who is objectively a bigger threat to world peace than Kamala Harris or anybody else – as [his own people will gladly tell you](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6oQXN2WNtU). You can vote for whoever you like, if you can, but let's not pretend that both Republicans and Russia are not trying to drum up support for Stein for the sole purpose of giving victory to Harris's opponent.

>""Cornel West — he’s one of my favorite candidates, Cornel West. And I like — I like her also, Jill Stein. I like her very much. You know why? She takes 100% \[votes\] from them. He takes 100%. Kennedy is probably 50/50, but he’s a fake. He's a fake. He's a total fake.”

>– Donald Trump, June 2024",positive
"From what I understand, it is hard for pollsters to find newly registered voters, and they only have so much time and money to conduct a poll, so they will call people they suspect voted in either 2020 or 2022.",negative
"These facts don't occupy their headspace. It's very simple. And if they are told about it, they just say it's not true or Trump is being targeted.",negative
"""Woodrow who?"" them, probably.",neutral
"There is no such thing as world peace under American hegemony. 

As for the “Russian plant” Jill Stein - that picture has been debunked countless times I cannot believe it’s still in talking circles. All the investigations led no where and she was a quitted. Stop spreading, as our former idiot president put it, fake news.",negative
"Mmm-mmm...

[In Case You Missed It: Jill Stein to Campaign Today with Alleged Russian Assets](https://democrats.org/news/icymi-jill-stein-to-campaign-today-with-alleged-russian-assets/)

>Today \[on Sept 3, 2024\] in Tampa, third-party candidate Jill Stein is expected to express support for the Uhuru 3, three individuals facing federal changes for a “malign influence campaign,” which consists of conspiring to covertly sow discord in U.S. society, spread Russian propaganda, and interfere illegally in U.S. elections. Stein participated in a press conference for the Uhuru 3, is expected to attend the trial, and will host a panel discussion tonight. She has previously expressed support for the Uhuru 3 in a campaign video.

>Engaging with foreign assets is a pattern for Stein. Previously, the Senate Intelligence Committee investigated links between Stein’s 2016 campaign and Russia’s efforts to interfere in the election, while an indictment brought by Special Counsel Robert Mueller found that the **Kremlin’s Internet Research Agency had used social media to promote her candidacy**. In 2015, Stein attended a gala in support of Russian propaganda television network, RT, where **she sat at the head table alongside Vladimir Putin** and Michael Flynn. Stein has **repeatedly parroted Kremlin views** and **posted a campaign video from Moscow’s Red Square** with language “ripped from Putin’s talking points.”

>Despite her ties to the Kremlin and Putin, the GOP has still embraced Jill Stein as a spoiler candidate. Donald Trump praised Jill Stein, saying he likes her “very much.”  Additionally, the GOP has been helping Stein with ballot access in an attempt to prop up her spoiler candidacy.",positive
Sorry but I dont accept the fact that just because GOP likes her means shes a plant and what she. The fact that many like you deter voters from third party shows how fucked our system is.,positive
"What part of ""Russia is actively promoting her candidacy"" and ""Stein repeatedly parroted Kremlin's talking points"" are you having trouble with, exactly?",positive
The part where it only comes up during election year to put a pin in third party voters.,positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"https://kamalaharris.com/issues/

For those looking",neutral
"A TLDR

4 sections:

1 - Economy

* Tax cuts for the middle class
* Rent reassessment
* Growing Small businesses
* Taking on Bad actors and Price gouging
* Bring down the cost of Healthcare
* Protect Social Security
* Support innovation
* Pathway to middle class
* Invest in Childcare
* Lower Energy costs and tackle the Climate crisis.

2 - Freedoms

* Restore reproductive rights
* Protect Civil Rights and voting

3 - Crime and Law

* Make communities safe from gun violence
* Secure border and push through that border Bill
* Tackle Opioid and Fentanyl
* Ensure No one is above the law

4 - Security

* Stand with Allies, Stand up to Dictators and lead in the world
* Invest in America's sources of strength
* Support Service members, Vets, Military Families, Caregivers and survivors.

Every section also mentions Project 2025

[https://kamalaharris.com/issues/](https://kamalaharris.com/issues/)

Lastly - Feel free to copy and paste this - Spread the word",positive
Oh yeah?  Well the other guy has a beautiful healthcare plan.  It's so beautiful he couldn't even show it off when he was in office and the public is still not allowed to see it.,positive
Her site not only laying out her policies but directly linking to Trump's/The Heritage Foundation's Project 2025 for each issue is a stroke of genius.,neutral
I can’t remember another election in the last 50 years where simply *having* a platform was enough to distinguish one candidate from the other.,neutral
Right on time. Didn't give the Trump campaign enough time to coach him on attacks. He's going to flail.,negative
"Media - “we have meticulously gone through her proposals and will provide the most negative outlook on every policy she has while intentionally omitting facts that might make them look good. At the same time we will act like trumps rambles are coherent policy proposals that we won’t even attempt to discuss or direct because the chaos he brings gives us higher revenues and our bosses love the tax cuts he will give them”

Can we reset the media ecosystem yet?",negative
"At the bottom of the page with her stance, there’s a link to Project 2025. Brilliant.",positive
Nice to see policy as opposed to Republicans that just attack dem policies while offering no alternatives. ,negative
"The day finally came! Can’t wait to see people endlessly criticize, lambast on ridiculous things, and move goalposts leading up to Tuesday evening! 🥰",positive
Good maybe MAGAs can stop being outraged that she didn’t have a platform put together exactly 24 seconds after she announced her candidacy.,negative
Checkmate Trumpers. Now you literally have nothing more than straws. And on Tuesday night Harris is going to knock Trump straight into the losers box at the debate. Then we’re ALL going to vote and MAGA will finally be done with.,negative
"At this point, her policy could be ""I am not Trump"" and I would be enthusiastic.",positive
"I predicted she would release this around the 10th,. 

  
[https://np.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/1f2hqox/comment/lk6jw65/](https://np.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/1f2hqox/comment/lk6jw65/)



Now I need Trump to chicken out of the debate. :P",positive
"She already has my vote. I’m a 40 year old American living in Taiwan, and having experienced government-run healthcare….man, I hope I live to see the day when when a presidential candidate fights for that and pushes it through. It won’t be Kamala, but I hope we get it from someone one day.",positive
"I'm impressed with how quickly she developed it. about 45 days ago, she was assuming she was running on Biden's platform as vice president. She had very little time to put this together. While I'm sure she had this together in some way or another, that's very different than putting together a plan for people that is clearly articulated.

I'm glad she didn't bow to pressure and yet still did this so quickly.

Looking at this plan, I don't see how most Americans wouldn't vote for this (I know lots won't). Rent issues, price gouging, home ownership, childcare--these are four *massive* issues that people are still feeling.

When it looked like Biden might campaign on ""look how good my economy is,"" these issues were a big problem for me, and a reason I thought he'd certainly lose to Trump. The economy being ""good"" hasn't helped most Americans in decades. A person looking beyond the surface-level, like Kamala is arguing she will do, is huge.",positive
"I love this, clearly laid out policies and easy to understand. I would like to hear more about her policies on AI though. There are some extremely legitimate uses for AI in healthcare and data analysis, but it's currently wildly unregulated especially in artistic spaces. It's also extremely dangerous with regards to misinformation and images meant to look like people in...compromising positions. I have a feeling she's trying to appeal to the tech bros with this but it's definitely an area I'm concerned with. 


Also Trump is WAY WORSE in his support of AI and how he wants to produce more electricity specifically to keep server farms active. So I don't want anyone to think she lost my vote on this point, just something I'm concerned with that I hope she creates more detailed policies on later.",positive
Finally I can make an educated choice,neutral
">eliminate taxes on tips for service and hospitality workers. 

Obviously voting for Harris...but this is the silliest policy that seemingly exists solely to appeal to certain demographics in key areas for the election. Not because it's actually a good or logical policy.

How about we make employers pay a fair wage rather than encourage the tipping madness to get even worse.",positive
Holy shit this is great news,positive
I guess it really is football season cause we are gonna see some goal posts being moved,neutral
"MAGA be like, ""But she didn't post it on our timeline"" same as the interview",positive
"MSM will still claim, “well voters say that she still hasn’t outlined her policies yet.”",neutral
Let’s see…it’s not Project 2025. That should be all any rational person needs  to know at this point.,neutral
Media still: BuT WhaT aRE hER PoLICIEs?,neutral
"Good timing - you know Trump’s team was telling him to go after her for this in the debate, now they have to pivot",positive
Its almost like the campaign wanted to make sure that the platform and messaging was going to be consistent as well as get input from the VP candidate,positive
"It looks good. Very easy to read and on a low enough reading level that isn't too intimidating for those who may have things like learning disabilities, English as a second language, or don't really follow politics. It's great she continues to highlight Project 2025 so more people both learn what it is and also do not forget about it.",positive
Feeling ready to phone bank for her soon. I hope she can get the Jewish Americans over on her side soon.,positive
"While there are a lot of problems here (Housing, Invest in Entrepreneurs, Bringing Down the Cost of Healthcare, Strengthening Social Security, and Lowering Energy Costs stick out to me as sounding like either a misunderstanding of the issue or typical noncommital platform-speak), the biggest thing is that there is an acknowledgement of these issues and not a villanization of immigrants, poor people, or 'wokeness'.

I wasn't going to vote for Biden, but I will vote for Kamala and am urging those around me to do the same.",negative
M4A still missing. Someday the USA will join the developed world.,neutral
So for profit healthcare basically won.,positive
Great! Now hopefully all the trolls screaming about how “ShE hAs No PoLiCiEs” can kindly shut up 🤭,positive
"How incredibly underwhelming. The are exceptionally few details or actual policies she'd enact as commander in chief. This is largely just platitudes and laying out her record. Very, very little in terms of what she'd actually do to implement many of these goals.

""Fix our broken immigration system"" how?

""Bring down healthcare costs"" again, how?

""Invest in affordable childcare"" AGAIN, HOW? 

Credit where credits due: the $25,000 tax credit for homebuyers, expansion of entrepreneurship grants and loans and speaking generally to some specific tax proposals are fine. But all those need to go through congress.

FWIW, no, I'm not some right wing plant. But I'm also not going to cheerlead aspirations parading as a policy platform.",positive
Yay yay - this has been annoying me for a while. Super glad to see this.,positive
Now they will say it's not enough,neutral
"the russians have gone with the strategy of, ""just keep repeating that she doesnt have a policy and avoid reporters and they will believe it""

really u can see them making all sorts of meme and AI images with it. those hardworking russians",negative
How about stopping a genocide?,negative
Oh wow. That’s awesome! Although I think I’d have waited until tomorrow so trump team could scramble ;),positive
"I kind of figured that this was going to be the play.  Wait until right before the debate so the Trump campaign has as little time as possible to prep for the debate, and doesn't have much of a chance to talk about it at rallies.",positive
Imagine that??!! A candidate actually openly discussing and committing their policy platform to print for the world to see??!! CRAZY!! 🤯,negative
"not enough on healthcare, it’s time to socialize it for everyone not just seniors",neutral
"T-rump The Kremlin Kandidate

 This would be the perfect time to bring up the discussion of whether Trump caused, excessive accelerated inflation because he decided all on his own to put Tariffs on different countries. Now they're talking about it again 

HEADLINE ""Trump's vow of 100% tariffs on nations that snub the dollar is a lose-lose for China and U.S., economist says Published Mon, Sep 9 2024 5:08 AM EDT Updated Mon, Sep 9 2024 5:32 AM EDT Dylan Butts u/in/dylan-b-7a451a107""",positive
No legal weed,negative
[deleted],neutral
"No tuition reform, paid time off, federal legalization, or any concrete plans for subsidized housing. 


New boss, same as the old boss.  Status quo maintained.  Thinkfast: last time anything improved in the USA for working class people since we started funding the never ending War in Afghanistan and now the ""War in Ukraine,"" 25 years of your tax dollars pissed away.",negative
"A New Way Forward would be a decent slogan, if she was running against an incumbent. I.e Trump in 2020.  But when I hear new way forward, that means to get rid of the entire current administration. 🤷🏼‍♂️🤷🏼‍♂️🤷🏼‍♂️",neutral
"Nothing on student debt. Sigh, the dream is dead ladies and gents",negative
Looks like student loans aren't an issue  making it across admissions. That's a shame. ,negative
Why they never talk about weed legalization.,neutral
"Still nothing about climate change but it's ok, it's not like a looming global crisis or anything...",negative
It took way too long.,neutral
They release this the day before the debate. Team Trump doesn't have a lot of time to develop arguments against this. Brilliant maneuver.,positive
"How about raising the minimum wage, paid vacation, and sick leave? How about saving the collapsing environment? How about ending the never ending war economy? How about forcing Israel out of the West Bank and Gaza? Ugh.",negative
"This is what your Kamala has brought .

  
Indict her

  
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMjCPyNEoYk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMjCPyNEoYk)",neutral
Finally. It only took her several weeks and the pressure of a looming debate.,negative
Took awhile…,neutral
[deleted],neutral
"And nobody will read it and it won't matter, just like it doesn't matter for Trump and it didn't matter for anyone else. Hopefully she doesn't add too much policy, because they'll mock her like they did Warren.",neutral
So....no marijuana reform? This is bullshit.,negative
"Kamala Harris listing her policy platform on her campaign website signals a shift toward a more defined and focused message. By clearly outlining her stances, she’s aiming to solidify her policy positions and address critiques of being vague in the past. This move helps her better connect with voters by providing a transparent roadmap of her priorities and vision.",positive
"I really wonder if this is part of the Harris' campaign strategy? To release the policy platforms 2 days before the debate? 

She has been under scrutiny for the past few weeks on why she hasn't released her policies",neutral
"No one will read because politics has crossed into entertainment, and it's all about personalities, emotions, and star power. Trump knows that other than hating brown people, He doesn't even need to have any policies. 

The struggle against the Idiocracy
Of America is real.",negative
"Trying to scare people with “Project 2025” clearly doesn’t work. They are losing in the polls and should find a new strategy.

Trump’s policy platform - Agenda 47 - has been known for a year, and is available on the campaign webpage.",negative
I like her. But her way forward doesn’t show increase of wages for us poor.,negative
"It's all normal good president stuff. This is the normal good stuff that will help our country heal and progress. It isn't that weird fascist agenda the other side has. 

Kamala will be a good president. We just need to elect her first

https://democrats.org/",positive
"Tried to directly post this link on the subreddit, got removed by the bot because website is not included in the list of ""approved domains""!",positive
"I appreciate the section pointing out the contrast between them and Project 2025. As I was scrolling through the first section I was thinking, ""Well this seems like some pretty good stuff, meanwhile just look at Republican policies..."" and lo and behold the page doesn't make you have to look far for a comparison.",positive
"Finally!  I was upset these weren't there at least in time for the convention speech.  Because, a lot of people watch this speech then look online for the positions.  If there's nothing there it's a bad look.  So, at least for the debate, they'll be ready.",negative
Wait - where's the important issues?  Like illegal immigrant cross dressing trans people riding Chinese balloons coming to take our precious gas stoves away?,positive
Because apparently drawing the line from the [almost identical Democratic platform](https://democrats.org/where-we-stand/party-platform/) was too much effort for everybody.,neutral
"Very disappointed now confirmed she dropped the Public Healthcare option.

Still, FAR FAR better and the only sane choice against the criminal fascist.",negative
"Bookmark it, so you can send it to any Russian puppet who says she doesn’t have any policies.",neutral
"This is actually a good platform. Compare it to Trump's and it's night and day. Trump's platform is incredibly vague, uses a lot of demonizing/antagonistic language, and even makes a point about promoting ""a Culture that values the Sanctity of Marriage"".

You can give it a read yourself if you doubt me: https://rncplatform.donaldjtrump.com/",positive
Pussy Policy: won't grab it; doesn't care what you do with yours,negative
"The Issues
  
It's time to break it down",neutral
"Disingenuous gaslighting in the first few paragraphs. ""Trumps project 2025 agenda""

How many times do people have to look at the project 2025 agenda and realize that Trump has literally nothing to do with it. 

Also why hasn't she done any of these things in the last 3.5 years? And what makes you think she will do them this time?",neutral
"Kamala wants to give first time home buyers $25k

Anyone buying a home now is paying $500k for a property that used to cost $200k. Its not attainable to average Americans even with a mortgage refinanced when rates drop. If Kamala wins and congress gives her this funding.... that home will cost $525k and the deficit will jump and inflation go up again",neutral
Once again leaving single individuals or individuals without children behind when it comes to taxes. It seems like neither Dems or Republicans care about that demographic.,positive
What is with politicians and not taking the political freebie that is marijuana reform? Even if I was a republican politician i would endorse it to take it away from D’s. For D’s it should be an easy win that the vast majority of americans are in favor of,positive
"How does one ""tickle"" the climate crisis. Like tickle it til it gives up? 

I jest. You have a typo.",negative
"BTW, If there is any corrections for those who looked though the document, Let me know.",neutral
Nitpick: *Freedoms,positive
What's funny is that 20ish years ago a lot these would be considered conservative policies.,positive
Perfect.  Thank you for the summary.  I'll be using this a lot!,positive
These are issues important to Republican leaning people. Smart to go after them instead of trying to reassure your base.,positive
Hopefully her climate policy undoes the ridiculous Biden tariffs on electric vehicles.,positive
Does she say what salary constitutes for middle class?,neutral
It's all so normal and not-fascist-weird that it feels like a breath of fresh air.,positive
"Conservatives’ strength is from being organised, as businesses, companies and corporations. The majority of the rest are workers and the thing they need most, to defend and promote their interests, is to be organised too - to be unionised. You missed out Harris’ commitment to support that.",positive
"Disappointed there's nothing about protecting and expanding voting rights. If we can't elect our politicians anymore, then none of that other stuff matters.",negative
"""Lower energy costs and tackle the climate crisis""

That's a bit like saying ""lower fast food costs and tackle obesity"" IMO.",negative
"What is considered middle class?  Is there a standard definition? 

 I'm assuming it goes by household income.  Does anyone know if that's accurate?",neutral
"Is her only thing on housing really just rent reassement? She seemed to be pushing first time homebuyer assistance and reducing home ownership costs generally a lot at the DNC and elsewhere after she began running, and I thibk that’s a big one for a lot of people too, though obviously tackling rent prices is step 1.",neutral
I can’t believe they forgot to add “price fixing”,neutral
"> tackle the Climate crisis

Has she ever said something about this?",negative
wish the site had links to evidence to back up the claims being made.,positive
lol classic democrats campaigning on their weakest issue the border.,negative
I still can't fucking believe he legitimately talks like this and people eat it up,positive
"And you should have it, it's something you gotta - When Melania gave birth, the doctor - Barron was so healthy and the doctor asked ""wow, that is a healthy baby."" And he was right. He was right. And I told him, ""it's the genes. My uncle-"" And by the way, they want nuclear. But we're gonna drill baby drill. You can't buy bacon but you can buy ham. Have you heard this? But it costs as much as a car. Can you believe that? And not an electric car, those are bad. But I'm not supposed to say that. Because Leon of Twitter endorsed me. And it was a great- I'm going to give Leon a position.",positive
"And infrastructure week! OHHHH! Infrastructure week.

===

^^^Might ^^^have... ^^^happened... ^^^...


^^^^except ^^^^it ^^^^didn't?",neutral
Sounds like the perfect policy! - MSM,positive
"It’s so beautiful that top doctors frequently go up to him, with tears in their eyes, to say, “Thank you, sir. Thank you for creating such a beautiful healthcare plan. Nobody has ever made a healthcare plan as beautiful as this.” Truly inspirational.",positive
"Bullshit. He's going to tell us what it is in ""2 weeks""",negative
"You know what else is beautiful? 👐Ivanka! 🤲Tremendously beautiful that you wouldn’t even believe it, folks. 🫲🫱So beautiful, just like, just like our great First Lady, Melanie, of course. 👋🤚",positive
It was in a hat. You have to be one of the faithful to be able to see it.,positive
"Right? Her platform is extremely generic. I get it, she doesn’t want to do a single thing that Trump could latch into outside the Democratic standard.",positive
"There's a Republican platform, too. Check Ballotpedia.",neutral
"They can coach away, there's no chance of him staying on track for any meaningful time. 

If anything, I think them telling him stuff to say, other than very, very basic soundbites, will be too much information and just end up confusing him more.",negative
"I disagree.


She should have had stated policy goals when she was trying to secure the nomination.


It gave the trump campaign enough time to hit that she doesn't have any ideas and could point to her own website as proof.",negative
"> Can we reset the media ecosystem yet?

I mean, that has pretty much happened with VOD/streaming media. Most of the people watching TV these days were going to vote the way they were going to vote anyways, and those channels are exactly saying what they are saying because it makes some boss happy for tax cuts. They do it because it keeps those old people watching. It's the same reason the algos on social media seem to actively promote toxic bullshit. That's the stuff that draws the most engagement. If people were going nuts over care bear collection videos, that would be promoted. The algos doesn't know what things are or what people will think. It just looks at the reaction from people and goes, ""this must be good"" and pushes it. Simple stuff really.",positive
the alternative is project 2025 but the media isn't going to talk about it as much as they did in early july to preserve their horse race,neutral
well they have a 1000-page policy plan that doesn't depend on a trifecta too much (unitary executive theory?) but that one isn't a seller,positive
"They don't have to move them, they just automagically never stop.",positive
She went 7 weeks without anything and it wasn’t just MAGA people complaining.  The only arguable strategy to the timing would be that this dropped just 48 hours before the debate.,negative
">maybe MAGAs can stop being outraged

Lol, you got me.",negative
">and MAGA will finally be done with.

I hope so, but I doubt it. I just hope so.",positive
They will just wait for Fox to tell them how Donald failed up. Then the other networks will tell us why the debate has made the race even tighter. I like that she waited till sunday night to put her platform up. Pretty likely their entire strategy was going to be to hammer her lack of policy proposal. Now we laymen have enough time to arm ourselves with knowledge. They have basically no time to switch their strategy and study up on her policy. A competent team would be ready for this basic move but this should further prove how incompetent they are.,negative
They're already moving the goalposts.,neutral
"I hope it's a solid debate for Harris and she goes after his insecurities. It's her biggest test so far and I'm sure she has prepared for it much more than Donald. She'll probably get attacked with a constant stream of lies from the border to who knows what and try to confuse and exhaust her with his erratic style. Trump doesn't debate; he just plays games and tries to disorient.   


My ex-gf would argue like Trump and it just made me so tired all the time. I felt ill just listening to her rant and rave like a lunatic and it broke me down. You have to be pretty skilled to maneuver these kinds of crazy people.",negative
I feel sorry for VP Harris unless Trump is reading from a script she will not be able to make sense of anything he says. I can see her calmly raising her eye brows and saying to the moderator that she can't make a rebuttal to gibberish and can we move on to the next question. Trump will go ballistic if she does this because he can't intimate her and he can't make her angry either. She will treat him like I treat my 5 year old when she is having a tantrum which is mostly just ignore it until she calms down and makes sense. My daughter knows how to do this Trump doesn't.,positive
"Oh don't worry, they are waiting for Fox News to carefully nitpick things from her policy to use as talking point.",positive
You guys are getting way too complacent for how close it is,negative
"> Now you literally have nothing more than straws.

Now?",neutral
"Ooooft. Yeah … I know a LOT of people that are waiting with bated breath to see how she fares. She is not the best or even most eloquent public speaker. 

This is actually a bigger test than you are making it out to be. The honeymoon phase is over, she needs to do well to maintain the hype and the rage, or else this could very well be the end of the campaign honestly. 

I’m not all doom and gloom, but you have to be a realist. This is a hyper echo chamber. This sub does not represent the average democrat voter in real life. If she doesn’t do VERY well, it will not translate into hype, and the people will see through the “you answered every question, great job Joe!!!” ruse as clearly as they did last time.",positive
"I'm sorry, but did you watch Harris in the 2020 Democrat debates? I'd tame those expectations. ",neutral
I think I’d go with most people that are not Trump. Really even if the only policy was “I don’t what I’m doing but I figure I’ll just hire smart people to be my advisors and listen to them”,positive
"In fairness, partially campaigning on that lead to Hillary's loss. Granted this time we have hindsight on jow bad Trump can be, but I don't want to risk a repeat",negative
"I'm still waiting for the ""NOT CRAZY"" billboards.",positive
Honestly not a bad personal policy. You could put that as a tinder headline.,positive
That's so understandable but also a very low fucking bar. We can't have another 2016.,negative
"That’s why her campaign consciously tried to avoid embracing any concrete policy. Now that the race appears tied, they’re begrudgingly accepting that, yes, it’s probably not good to run for president without even a sentence about policies on your website.",positive
"I just finished initial treatment for Ramsay Hunt in Korea (American). I spent a week in a 2-person room on IV 24/7, emergency room visit and clinic visit before that, three weeks of medicine, and 6 weeks of daily therapy, and I'll probably be out of pocket $600 by the end, and I'll probably get to write that off on taxes.",negative
Yes! I just checked since I wasn’t sure about it. Her platform is really appealing to me. I like the details laid out under economics and freedoms. Do you feel the same?,positive
"Undocumented tips were already effectively not taxed, ""under the table"" as it were, just card payments were, but nowadays more pay via cards than cash.  

This makes the official policy match the social one.  

Sure changing the minimum wages for food service to match other jobs would be good but too radical to many.  

Now isn't the time to alienate many voters when literally fascism is on the agenda.  The time to do such is next term as an incumbent with legislative support.",positive
"Because she is a centralist just like biden, they are mostly okay with how things are and dont wanna shake things up and do something crazy like pay people a living wage.",positive
Why would they not be lol not all Jews are zionist or lean right,negative
"I'm a Jewish American that's volunteering for Kamala! I'm so sick of my (Orthodox) friends naively choosing a fascist, thinking it's justified becausehe he will write blank Check for Israel (I say this as an anti-Trump Zionist). The pro-hamas protestors really drove alot orthodox Jews into the arms of Trump, which hurts the Palestinian cause. Ugh i hate how short-sighted people are.",negative
"I don’t support whatsoever the phrasing of “end the suffering in Gaza” as if it magically came out of nowhere rather than coming out of Netanyahu’s war cabinet and the IDF choosing to use Oct 7 as an excuse to murder tens of thousands of Gazans and wipe out entire families and destroy their homes, hospitals and universities, and leave two million people in constant danger on the brink of starvation.

And I will be voting for Kamala, have donated multiple times and am active and public about my support. There’s too much at stake here and I’m never going to be a single issue voter, that’s myopic and it gets us nowhere. 

Trump would give a thumbs up to Netanyahu wiping the entirety of Gaza off the map if he got to rebuild it with some Trump towers. A rapist, a convict, a narcissist with no moral conscience, should never be anywhere close to the presidency and it’s one of America’s modern greatest shames that he made it to the Oval Office before.",negative
"Highly based, welcome aboard!",positive
A long time ago.,neutral
They won’t… you can already see them flipping to “Uhmm… why is she not listing the ONE issue my ignorant self believes to be the most pressing thing in the world!?! Why isn’t she listing EXACTLY what I think should be listed!?!”,negative
[deleted],neutral
"Doesn't she need congress to get all that stuff done? Or, do you want her to rule by EOs?  Walz had a legislature that helped him push those things through.

The only way to get some of the shit that will freak out republicans, is if she has a trifecta or a congress that wants those things for its constituents.

More likely her policies right now are moderate on purpose for this very reason. She has hostile republicans to deal with.",negative
This is a politician who built their career on anti-marijuana enforcement. Why would they suddenly flip on that?,neutral
This is going to shock you but she may not see eye to eye with joe Biden on everything. A VP has surprisingly little power,positive
"It's literally under the 'Provide a Pathway to the Middle-Class Through Quality, Affordable Education' section.   


>**""She will strengthen public education and training as a pathway to the middle class. And she’ll continue working to end the unreasonable burden of student loan debt and fight to make higher education more affordable, so that college can be a ticket to the middle class.""**  


Do you guys even read lol?",negative
It was never real.,neutral
"It was never happening, it’s political suicide. 

Don’t get me wrong. I’m 100% against predatory lending and we need to do something to help college graduates.

But the majority of student debt is held by high earners over 30 years old, and it’s a very small proportion of the population.

So you have to look at Americans sentiment, if tens of billions were passed for student debt, while so many people are struggling to put food on the table.

Their sentiment is that people chose to go to college, they signed for it, and they would not stomach bailing them all out while so many are struggling.

Hence why it’s a political poison pill.",negative
It's in there under provide a pathway to the middle class through education,neutral
"Gotta read it, not just the bullet points, but I know reading can sometimes be hard.",negative
It still beats the other parties “let’s light the atmosphere on fire” policies.,positive
Did I get down voted for caring about climate policy? Lol,positive
Why wouldn't it take several weeks to form a well thought platform on how to run the most powerful country in the world?,positive
"Erm, it's basically the same talking points from her very first rally speech upon becoming the nominee.",neutral
"Yup, better than whatever load of childcare policy BS, the orange man dumped two days ago.",positive
"Uh, no. No it didn't. This campaign is like building an airplane as it is flying. Most campaigns are TWO YEARS OLD at this point in the race.",positive
2 months?,neutral
Just in time to launch it before her first debate. I give it as a pass.,neutral
No he isn’t. He doesn’t have ANY policies besides “nothing I do is illegal!” and “revenge on the Democrats!”,negative
A Harris admin can still be pushed more on that then a Trump admin.,neutral
"It does aim for substantial decrease in cost of living for the poor, and an emphasis on bringing many of them into the middle class with work and educational opportunities.  So I’d say that could be more positive than increased wages, which also can contribute to inflation",positive
[That's already happening.](https://www.epi.org/publication/swa-wages-2023/),neutral
"Like Biden and Obama, her presidency will be quiet, boring, relatively uncontroversial, competent, and hard-working, with the aim to make the country a better place for citizens and businesses in the long-run. Exactly the type of administration I want.",positive
"Oh my god. I actually read the Trump list, and it was bizarre. I honestly thought to myself ""why didn't they check it before publishing it?"" Like, it's just so strange. Why is ""keep men out of women's sports"" in their top twenty issues??? Men are already out of women's sports, that's why they're called women's sports. I know that this is just barely concealed hate speech, but still, seriously, how is the sanctity of women's sports in the top twenty issues Trump's crack squad of political geniuses thought up? 

What even is ""Unite our country by bringing it to new and record levels of success""??? How do you bring a country to a level of success? Why new AND record? Why success, and not, I don't know, prosperity or security? 

""Cut federal funding for any school pushing critical race theory..."" Ok done. Because there never were any schools pushing it. I mean I'm told there were some colleges EXPLAINING it, you know, with statistics and evidence. Are we against statistics and evidence now? 

The entire thing was just... gibberish. 

How is a person supposed to compare Kamala's policies against Trump's? They don't make sense. Why didn't they at least get someone to check their work before putting it out there like that? It's like it was written by an intern's little brother and then just slapped up on the website for everyone to see. And we can. See it, I mean. 

Are they aware that people can read things on the internet even? Or that we do? Do they not know what words mean? What is going on?",positive
You mean no weird stuff about controlling peoples bodies?,positive
"She is such a good candidate the right has nothing to bitch about at all, hence the above nonsense",positive
"More importantly, it's not full of grifting merchandise like special bibles or anything.",positive
"I messaged to mods, you may want to do the same.",positive
I may be wrong but I don't think any Candidates websites are considered news websites and would not be considered an approved domain.,positive
It's really funny that your workaround is a comment in a thread on The Verge,positive
I love that too!!!  Kamala’s communications team (is that who would write this) has been on point.,positive
Yeah this is obvious but brilliant.,positive
"I mean at the time of the convention, she had been the nominee for a total of like two weeks. That isn't nearly enough time to put together a cohesive and clear platform, write it, edit it and publish it.

Personally I'm glad they took their time. It shows they are serious about it and thought about it.",positive
"And Hannibal Lector, and the decision between electric boats and sharks, and the the horrible wind",negative
"Whether she personally supports a public option or not (and I suspect she does), there is virtually no chance of it passing congress in the next four years, and she knows that. So it makes no sense to list it in her platform, especially since she needs to appeal to centrists, independents, and even never-Trump Republicans in swing states in order to get elected.",neutral
That policy would be a tough sell to non-progressive voters.,negative
How does this confirm that?,neutral
"To be fair we'll never get that until we have 60 Senators.  We'd never get it even the Senate drops the filibuster and can pass all legislation with 51 votes, there simply aren't enough people that want it and want to pay for it.  In addition, it would need state level support as well which means until Dems have a majority or preferably a strong majority of state legislatures and governors, it's not worth doing at the federal level, it will be too weak to survive, pass legal threats, etc..

Dems, or rather all of us, need to build up more local and state Democratic majorities, elect more progressive people to those local and state positions, and then when they can, challenge GOP Senate seats.",positive
"Yes, I screenshotted it so I can send the images and copy directly to people who ask about it.  Lazy people don't bother to download  so they can just gripe without putting any effort into it.",positive
"So, I'm one of those people who has been requesting an actual platform outline like Clinton has.

It's now there, so I'm glad and can get to reading. but also, about damn time.",negative
It was pretty stupid not to have this up in the website a month ago,negative
That's what Heritage calls it.  2/3 of his former staff were involved in creating it.,positive
"The plan calls for increasing supply by 3 million homes, which will lower prices substantially.  The $25K is for  first time buyers  whose parents did not own a home.  First time buyers whose parents own a home would be eligible for $10K",negative
Read the rest of her housing proposals.,neutral
"Even if that is the case, first time home buyers will still have 25k advantage than non-first time home buyers in the market.

And you don't need to pay $500k for a property everywhere. Just move to St. Louis or most Midwest cities for $200k properties. This policy will be a great help to purchase a property in Midwest.",positive
Tell me you know nothing about economics without telling me you know nothing about economics.,neutral
"Per [this article](https://www.thecut.com/article/what-are-kamala-harris-policies.html), she has proposed an expansion of earned-income tax credits for ""lower income"" adults without children. I am not sure exactly how lower income would be defined.",negative
Trump just posted about it.  She might need to start talking about it.  Hopefully she does.,positive
"Trouble is that the MAGA / Republican base is split on the issue across all age groups. Younger conservatives are moving the needle past majority, which means your most likely voters do not support legalization.

And I’ve seen that anecdotally. Classic “marijuana is a gateway drug” arguments. Think that pot dealers should be treated like cartel bosses. And these are people my age (30s - 40s).

https://news.gallup.com/poll/514007/grassroots-support-legalizing-marijuana-hits-record.aspx",negative
This admin has been reforming it I thought,neutral
"Since it's a state chosen law. (My state legalized it), it seems more important to fight it locally for it to get federally accepted ",positive
"2 possible part answers - 

1. The pharmaceutical companies don’t want marijuana to be legal, they want it to be moved into the same classification as prescription drugs so they can sell prescriptions. Instead of going to your local pot shop you’d go to your doctor and get a prescription for whatever concentrated strain, in pill or drop form. 

2. There is a consumer benefit to pot being controlled and not flat out legal. The pot that is sold in legal shops is run through laboratories to test for heavy metals and mold/mildew. It’s that much safer for consumption. So when they do criminalize it they have to be careful about how they legalize it so not every idiot tries to sell moldy weed to unsuspecting consumers. I don’t think this is that difficult, but given the wide variance in beliefs with the US and the different systems in place in the states it is legal, it would probably be a PITA to come up with an overlying federal system to patch it all together.",negative
"> What is with politicians and not taking the political freebie that is marijuana reform? 

the vast majority of voters don't really care beyond ""sure, legalize it, whatever""

furthermore she is part of the administration that has gotten it rescheduled.

plus: https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2024/07/22/kamala-harris-marijuana-stance-policy/74495543007/",positive
"Mental health counselor in a state that has legalized it for awhile.

I am kind of wondering if they're avoiding this because of the possibility that we're a few years away from some serious pushback. I can tell you that substance use trainings in my field have already begun including cannabis use disorder as a legitimate and rapidly growing problem. 

Paradoxically I suspect the scheduling issue and severe lack of research is now protecting the cannabis industry after years of holding back research into medicinal uses.",negative
"She was STAUNCHLY against marijuana reform in CA; she fought us hard to keep it illegal when I lived there. I know she slightly changed her tune when she went to the senate, but she was against marijuana and policing reform when she was the AG of Cali",negative
"I’m assuming, outside of being some weird gross far-right talking head that hates the thought of legal weed on an ideological basis, that most politicians who *would* benefit from legalizing weed choose to not do so because there is a lot of money involved with for-profit prisons taking advantage of the law to incarcerate a disproportionate amount of black people to legally enslave them.",negative
"True true, but compared to everything else that is a lower priority and would just give the other side canon fodder to bitch about while ignoring all the others. Why give them that? Keep in mind these people have degrees/masters/doctorates in political science. They aren't pulling shit out of their ass. It's very strategically thought out.",negative
"I don't think it's an easy win. The older you are, the more likely you aren't in favor of it. Honestly, walking around NYC and constantly smelling weed is horrible. I hate it a lot.",positive
"Tee hee, get out of here climate change.",neutral
Cheers corrected,positive
Corrected,neutral
Restricting truck sizes and undoing the chicken tax that keeps smaller trucks off the roads by making them ridiculously expensive would help smaller cars be safe in more of the country. Those changes would also lower emissions by getting gas monsters off of the road and help small electric vehicles and bicycles take over. There are a ton of cool electric vehicle concepts that aren't street legal in America partially because of oversized emotional support trucks' inability to see them.,positive
"US/european brands flat out cannot compete with the inexpensive EVs china is producing.  $10-12k for a small EV with a 250mile range is absurdly cheap compared to the competition.  I think hyundai/kia have some options coming out around ~$15k, but not in the US.

while I'd like to see them try, the main argument would be to not give china complete (and probably permanent) dominance in a market sector

of course given the US's love of gigantic vehicles, small EVs probably wouldn't do that well anyways",positive
That would help undo the IRA…,positive
"“Protect Civil Rights” under Freedoms is primarily about protecting voting rights. It goes on to talk about civil rights in general, but the whole first half of it is about voting rights",positive
"That's my fault, I should've proof read it.

Its corrected - Its under civil rights.",negative
Maybe go read it first,neutral
She already started one of her first priorities would be the John Lewis voter rights act.,neutral
"From the webpage: ""Vice President Harris and Governor Walz believe many fundamental freedoms are at stake in this election. They will fight to ensure that Americans have the opportunity to participate in our democracy by passing the John Lewis Voting Rights and the Freedom to Vote Acts—laws that will enshrine voting rights protections, expand vote-by-mail and early voting, and more.""",positive
Implying new energy production will be green.,positive
"Hard to say, ""middle class"" sometimes is used as a catch-all for anyone not rich since saying ""working class"" makes you a godless commie 🙄",negative
The full blurb on the site says anyone making under $400k,neutral
"I dont understand so ge must be some kinda genius.

/s",neutral
"The same people who claim he ""just says it as it is"" but also ""he didn't mean it like that"".",negative
"Not only that, but when he's in over his head he starts doing the dumb hand accordion gestures.",neutral
"The media just goes on with it, it’s horrible and anti-journalism what has happened since 2016. Donald Trump had one right point in the 8 years; the media is corrupt.

Just looked at the revenues and profit margins of some news companies (and fox)… look from 2016 and you’ll see why we are where we are.",negative
Including professional news anchors and journalists,neutral
This is comedic gold right here.,positive
"Do you jump over the ham or do you get electrocuted by the Tesla? Ham or Tesla? That’s what I asked Leon. But I’ll tell you, he makes a good truck. Barron loves him. Talks about the cyber. You guys love him right? You love him. And you love ham! I feel the love. We feel it, don’t we folks? The love was in the air, they said. Not the media, though, back there. Yeah, boo! You know what they’ll say, right? Trump went ham. Trump went ham, he did. They must really hate Trump and, I’ll tell you what, they hate America too.",positive
"It's coming the week after he is president! Actually it's the week after that week! Actually, it's the week after the week after that week! Actually...",neutral
"And he's a felon??! Here, TAKE ALL MY MONEY!",neutral
Kamala is being extremely strategic. My emotions can’t tell whether to be annoyed or happy to feel like someone is finally fighting for the US.,positive
Try asking the candidate about it.,neutral
She's been talking about exactly what these policies were weeks ago. Now it's just on her website. Anyone who has listened to one of her rallies or her DNC acceptance speech wouldn't really see anything different. This just takes away Trump's talking point about how no one knows her stances or policies.,positive
"I mean yeah she wasn't running for president until 7 weeks ago lol, why would you throw a platform together to run the entirety of the US in a week?",positive
"You think taking 7 weeks to put together a plan for how to run the country for the next 4 years is too long?

If getting a plan together was her *only* job I’d say maybe your argument holds a little bit of water, but she’s been on the campaign trail, she had the DNC, she had to pick a VP and campaign staff all while being vice president of the U.S.",negative
"...she had to put a campaign together very quickly. Even if she had a plan for her platform if Biden couldn't serve anymore, a plan is very different than the final draft you submit to the public. She did this *incredibly* quickly.",neutral
You think taking 7 weeks to put together a plan for how to run the country for the next 4 years is too long?,neutral
Crazy how the other guy has had 8 years and still doesn't have one 🤯,negative
7 weeks isn't that much time to develop a thorough plan when you're also campaigning and also are the VP,neutral
"Thing is, if she had one 2 weeks after Biden dropping out, people were to inclined, that they will get a Biden puppet as a candidate.",neutral
"After two Ls and Trump being out of the picture (let's be real it's a toss up if the dude makes it another 4 years), the movement will be almost entirely delegitimized.",neutral
"There are a lot of prominent Republicans endorsing Kamala right now. If she wins, I sincerely hope that the GOP takes it as their cue to re-evaluate what they've allowed their party to become. I hope those dissenting voices are willing to take the lead in bringing their party back to a place of reasonability.",positive
She's pretty much outlined all these policies in her speeches already. Rebuplicans were only pretending she didn't have any policy.,positive
Honestly you just straw man back at them until they get confused. And then attack their insecurities. Throws em off.,negative
"We saw how Donald argued against Biden, if the old boy had have been on his game then every point Trump made could have been swiftly and easily rebuked.",positive
">reading from a script

Prewritten notes and paper are not allowed to be brought with them to the podium. Paper and pen are supplied to them to keep notes on what the other says during the debate.

He's fucked.",negative
"She is a prosecutor, though, and an excellent cross examiner. She did well against Pence and I suspect one of the reasons Trump’s team insisted on muting the mics is because the moment she tells him to stop talking because it’s her turn to talk, he’ll go red-faced and off script.",positive
"I'm really fucking hoping she's practicing for the debate with the best people her campaign can find. But I don't doubt that they all realize how important this debate is, and I'm sure they're taking it deadly serious.",positive
"You know people learn from mistakes and grow from them, right?",negative
" Lean on your team. I dont want someone in the white house who thinks they slready onow everything.


Trump is deranged. He was mentally unfit, even in his prime.",negative
"""republicans only vote for the letter next to the name""

Sincerely, 

""Blue no matter who""",positive
I mean it’s also how Biden won,positive
"When the bar is Donald Trump, the bar is low. Wish there was something that could be done about that.",positive
I think they did it so they don’t get attacked on the lack of policies during the debate…,negative
No. Still voting trump.  Shes terrible,negative
"*Checks grocery costs, insurance rates, gas prices, wallet*


I'm not sure I do",negative
">Undocumented tips were already effectively not taxed, ""under the table"" as it were, just card payments were, but nowadays more pay via cards than cash. 

You mean people broke the law by not reporting their income. That's not ""effectively not taxed"". That's people breaking the law and not paying their fair share. That's a lot different than a policy allowing it. 

>Now isn't the time to alienate many voters when literally fascism is on the agenda. The time to do such is next term as an incumbent with legislative support.

You'd have a point if this wasn't specifically making a change from the status quo. 

Because, I think this policy DOES potentially alienate voters. Again, how is the electrician or auto factory worker supposed to feel that a waiter making the same amount they are gets to pay less taxes? Why is that fair?",negative
"Well I feel like this does shake things up. Just not in a good way.

There's no good reason that, given the same income, a waiter should pay less taxes than an electrician...or any other worker. The mantra from liberals has been that everyone should pay their ""fair share"", such as billionaires paying significantly more in taxes...But now we're trying to make an exception to just one specific type of worker in paying their ""fair share""? Where is the fairness in that? It just makes no sense.",positive
Because an American hostage (Hersh) was just executed on Biden's watch and it's pushed me to my limit,neutral
cant blame the protesters for having people show their true selves.,positive
I was sitting on the sidelines during the spring protests and then my summer birthright trip woke me up to the urgency of the issue. Her policy sounds decent on her website for Israel after reading it. I'm hoping she can gently nudge the far left toward accepting the fact Israel needs to exist.,positive
I want the humanitarian crisis to end and I also want an immediate release of the Israeli and American hostages.,negative
That would be incredibly stupid. No midterms if you don’t get elected.,negative
">The only way to get some of the shit that will freak out republicans, is if she has a trifecta or a congress that wants those things for its constituents.  
>  
>More likely her policies right now are moderate on purpose for this very reason. She has hostile republicans to deal with.

Exactly this. Some people in this sub have an issue seeing the big picture of problems and don't understand that change doesn't come as easy to everybody in the country and you have to (smartly) ease them into it.",negative
"These policy lists have to assume you either get a friendly Congress or can make it work bipartisan.  Multiple things she listed will have to go through Congress.

I’m glad they put this out but it is definitely light in scope.  There is a lot of policy that still needs to be added to this.",positive
She already said she doesn’t feel the same on marijuana anymore.,neutral
"Coz it's not a winning issue if she needs moderate republicans to get to the presidency.

It's not just Democrats electing her!",negative
Lol? Since when?,positive
[deleted],neutral
"Because they’re running for President and it’s objectively a good idea from an amoral political stance

it really is like she doesn’t actually want to win. she has like a dozen instant victory buttons to press and refuses to touch ANY of them",positive
That's good news. I read the TLDR cause I was trying to get to sleep,positive
Gradchildcare policy (plus uncles and aunts) advocated by JD Vance is out-of-reality for many American families.,neutral
"Earlier this summer France called for, set up and executed national elections in a 6 week period. This argument holds no water.",negative
"Yes, very very true but that's no reason to leave it out of the major policy topics. Marijuana reform is a total slam dunk issue with voters that should be represented.",negative
We have had inflation even without  wage increases.,neutral
Dunno who they are talking about cause everyone I know hasn’t had wage increase in years.,positive
"Except the GOP in Congress will stifle and stall any and every attempt at passing policy, just like they did with Obama. Only to turn around the next election and blame democrats and the administration saying nothing was getting done and use that in their campaign.",negative
"This is how Kier Starmer won in the UK just a couple of months ago vs conservatives. 

He essentially promised a return back to boring, predictable but consistent service to the public. 

And won in a landslide that hasn’t been seen in decades, to the point the conservatives have to completely start from scratch and figure out what they want to represent.",positive
Voters don't want business as usual. Business as usual isn't working. Voters want someone who will stand up to the political elite that has put the country into its current sorry state.,negative
Yea it was so uncontroversial when Obama drone striked a hospital or an American citizen with no due process.,negative
"Obama un controversial?! That guy dared to wear a tan suit! And he likes Dijon mustard. 

And you want me to vote for another Dem after that?!",positive
"“Government should be boring” - I’ve been saying for years that if people actually saw what goes in government meetings they’d be bored to tears, and realize it’s good, normal, and sometimes nerds making policy. It’s the idiots and morons that make it a spectacle. Why? That’s the real question.",negative
So you're cool with the Gaza genocide part?,positive
"I don't think Biden's presidency was boring. Well, boring compared to Trump and his epic flops ...

- US Economy stronger than ever

- Controlled covid era supply chain / price gouging inflation *without* causing a global recession

- Lowest unemployment ever

- US Becomes #1 oil producer and a net exporter",negative
"I mean, there is the whole supporting a genocidal apartheid state.",positive
Did already! Thanks!,positive
Rules do say - domain links of major party websites. I believe candidate domains should be equated to major party websites during election cycles.,positive
"Agreed.  I guess it's just a disadvantage of starting the campaign in mid-July.  Unfortunately, some people make their decision early although there's still time to pick up some undecideds.  I heard some of these focus groups complaining she had no policies or plans and then pointing to Trump's Agenda 47, which is the sanitized version of Project 2025.  Of course, they were leaning Trump in this particular focus group, so probably didn't know she had some significant policy speeches and viewed biased media.",negative
"It's only a tough sell to absolute morons.

Seriously, unless you happen to own an insurance company, there is no reason to be against it. We'll get better care, at lower prices - including the taxes.

I don't understand how/why anyone is against. We'll remove your $600 insurance bill, and replace it with $200 in taxes. You save $400 and lose nothing. (obviously made up numbers to illustrate the point, but the general idea is absolutely correct)",neutral
"False. Biden was considered a Moderate Center Left Democrat and he won more voters becoming the President in 2020, running on implementing a Public Option.

The truth is health insurance corporations' money talked.

Doesn't matter, though. Trump can not win. There will never be the single murmur of even the ACA ever again once he guts it if he's elected.",positive
"Was he involved in creating it?

Then stop attributing it to him.
2/3rds of his former staff were actively working against him the entire time. Bolton, Pence, can keep going.",positive
Read?! You’re asking a lot of someone who is a bad faith poster.,negative
"""Move to the Midwest"" isn't the solution you think it is. I did it, it sucks. I gave up any support system I had, I can't find a job despite having a graduate degree, my dating life is non existent, and my finances are in the toilet. Even with 25k I'm not getting a house anytime soon.",negative
Cute tik tok comeback but I'd love to hear how you think giving an ingroup 25k isn't going to shift the demand curve and raise all prices?,positive
"Currently it’s about $18.5k for single individuals with no dependents, or about $8.90 an hour.",negative
"what an embarrassing fumble prioritizing the interests of the most conservative minority of her opponents voter base over the disenfranchised youth, who she is relying on to carry her past the electoral college. dems running the most conservative platform thats politically tenable is a primary contributor to these gridlocked 50/50 congresses we've been suffering through. imo leaving an issue with such overwhelming public support on the table is a foolhardy risk with how tight our margins leading into nov are",negative
There are also folks like my boomer dad who chimes in with “they want to talk about legalizing dope when they won’t say how many babies they kill every day” brand of open-mindedness.,negative
Weird. Anecdotally I'm 35 and don't know a single person who thinks that way (or if I do they're smart enough not to voice it),positive
Yeah I assume she’ll take the victory lap when it’s reclassified,positive
"The answer is probably much simpler -- they don't think it will win more votes than it loses.

Most people support legalizing it but afaik, it isn't something people on that side of the issue really care about. Anecdotally, I have always supported legalizing it but it has never been a determining factor in who I voted for. There are too many other more important issues.

But the other side cares more about it because drugs = bad. And I'm betting a chunk of those are the few undecided moderately conservative white folks she needs in Pa.",positive
"Your second point is strange. It seems to suggest a distinction between something being legal and something being controlled. But everybody would say that alcohol is legal, and it is also controlled. ""Legal"" does not mean ""uncontrolled"".",positive
"This is my stance tbh — I’d much rather Harris focuses on reproductive rights, healthcare, and the other bigger issues versus something that is slowly becoming legal through federal rescheduling and states legalizing.",positive
"I feel you on that - I’m a psychiatry hopeful M.D. student. I’m hearing now about not just cannabis use disorder but about the positive correlations with psychosis and that sort of thing we’re seeing in states that have legalized. 

Some psychiatrists I have heard speak on the subject are critical of legalization for that reason, which I get that it comes with risks especially the people who are doing it all day every day. But that seems like a pretty narrow perspective to me, as plenty of things that we don’t put people in jail for participating in also carry health risks that appear much more severe. Smoking tobacco is the single biggest health modifying factor for a wide range of conditions. Alcohol itself is carcinogenic, can cause cirrhosis/neuropathy/organ failure, and has tons of social costs via DUIs, domestic violence and just dumb drunk people getting hurt needing the emergency room. Riding a motorcycle is so likely to get you killed that there was a guy who made bank taking out life insurance policies on customers of a motorcycle shop until the companies closed the loophole. All 100% legal.

Cannabis abuse definitely messes with people’s motivation and can increase the risk of mental health issues especially if overdone, but those risks shrink in comparison to what we know our legal substances entails. The fact that health risks exist doesn’t mean people shouldn’t have the choice to decide what is right for them, and certainly shouldn’t mean people get thrown in prison for doing so",negative
"Is it a rapidly growing problem, or is it the availability of treatment for it that is rapidly growing? It's not like cannabis use disorder hasn't been a thing for decades, even if it wasn't recognized or called that. Perhaps you're seeing the spotlight on it grow, rather than seeing the problem grow.",negative
"https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2024/07/22/kamala-harris-marijuana-stance-policy/74495543007/

> As vice president, she championed the Biden administration offering pardons for Americans convicted of federal marijuana possession and the landmark changes reclassifying marijuana as a less dangerous and addictive drug. There's even a strain of weed, Kamala Kush, named after her, which Jimmy Kimmel joked about during an interview with Harris last month.",positive
This. It’s a liability for her. Although I really hope she’s changed her tune and will work to legalize it,positive
"Step-climate, no!",neutral
"Don't you send us another devastating hurricane or I shall be very cross, you card!",negative
"Thanks, and for the tldr",positive
Fucking CAFE man.,neutral
"US doesn't love giant vehicles as much as the regulation prevents them.  The youth in particular want smaller sedans unlike the things their parents drive.  The surprising successes of the Smart car, tiny Fiats, and the like attest to that.",positive
"So because US car manufacturers can't innovate enough to produce an EV that's not luxury car priced, consumers in the US can go fuck themselves and forgot about ever owning an affordable EV?

> while I'd like to see them try, the main argument would be to not give china complete (and probably permanent) dominance in a market sector

Basically the main argument is that the big auto corporations don't want competition, so Biden is happy to help out his billionaire buddies.",negative
Cool thanks!,positive
"Electricity prices are set by the most expensive of the major sources, so until we have grid size batteries (not happening soon) the only options to bring down pricing is to have strongly varying prices based on renewable energy supply (which won't be tractable for end users), or subventioning fossil fuel based electricity production.",positive
"Ah, thanks.  I make 399,999.99 so I'm fine.",positive
I legit thought it was a quote. I'm so fucking tired.,negative
Maybe the real infrastructure week was the friends we made along the way.,positive
i'm annoyed that we get a milquetoast generic republican appeal platform instead of any actual good progressive policy but one can hope kamala is just avoiding the political death trap that is making it look like shes for \*gasp\* single payer healthcare or \*screams\* price controls,negative
She didn’t say anything during her dnc speech,neutral
She’s been trying to run for the past two elections,neutral
"I’m not saying it should have taken only a week.  People were right to complain after the 4th, 5th, 6th and 7th week imo.  

The elections about 8 weeks out, so she dropped this around the halfway point between starting her campaign and Election Day.",negative
"Yes.  

When you announce your campaign to run for president 15 weeks out from the election, going 7 weeks without staking your positions is a long time.  There are people who think it would have been okay to find out after the election - they are wrong.",positive
"She dropped this near the halfway point of announcing her campaign and Election Day.  A lot of the circumstances were out of her control, Biden decided not to run very late.  

It’s just disappointing that it happened to work out in a way where voters like myself have basically no time or say.  There was no primary for candidates to replace Biden.  I only just got details on Kamala’s plan last night.  If I say don’t like one of her policies, my criticism will be met with being shouted down and called a Trump supporter(!?).  

Feels like we were robbed of having any democracy this time, it’s just Trump vs not Trump.",negative
"Schrödinger’s conservative agenda: Project 2025 when you want to fear monger, and nonexistent when you want to highlight incompetence.",negative
"Seriously. Who enables that group of hateful losers without DT? Plenty of people that are clamoring to get that base underneath them, but Trump is a ""special"" case. I don't see how it continues once Trump is gone - even if he wins this one.",positive
He wont last long in prison. Old dudes never do.,negative
"Well, figure two years of lawsuits and two or three years of “stolen”…",positive
Two Ls but these morons won’t think he’s ever lost.,negative
You’re assuming he loses in 2024. I hope he does. But its unfortunately a tight race,negative
I think Trump makes things as he goes so he doesn’t  really any notes. It’s political improv’,neutral
"I think Buttigieg is helping her with prepping, and he is amazing at speaking, so I have high hopes.",positive
"There's a poi t of debate prep where you're over practiced and your brain thinks in ruts that can get crossed when your opponent surprises you. 


And let's hope she doesn't have Covid.",positive
"Luckily, we’ve never had an easier choice to make.",positive
"Yeah people forget Trump was a political unknown in 2016. The “I’m not Trump” tactic was nowhere near as effective then as it did in 2020 and now, especially since we’ve seen what Trump would do as president and how much worse it can get",negative
"America is just hanging on a thread right now. We, as a people, have short-term memory. We're just biting our nails wondering if we'll get enough of the people who voted for Biden because of how horrible Trump was to vote for Harris this time. Or will we not get enough of those people? Will more people in battleground states vote for Trump because ""it wasn't that bad,"" or ""gas was cheaper?"" We have short-term memory and people who vote based on superficial issues.",negative
"Actually no. Donald is just A bar, not THE bar. We should truly demand more of the politicians that want our vote.",positive
Or it could be that it takes a while to put policy ideas together and she’s not had very long,neutral
"I think they did it because recent polling makes clear Harris has lost her lead from the honeymoon period. It’s a toss-up now. And that isn’t an environment where you can just hide your candidate from unscripted settings while not promoting specific policies.

In other words, it’s an actual race now.",negative
"Good thing Kamala specifically wants to go after price gouging that affects groceries and such. Gas prices arent really that controllable by a president, and insurance rates are set by risk, again, the president cant control the amount of risk for certain insurances like home and car insurance",positive
"This is definitely state by state. People keep saying the eco is in shambles.   
and things are expensive, but I’m lower mid class and don’t feel bad. I am scared things can get worse, though. 

Also, I don’t have kids. Just a cat. Idk how people with kids survive. Your world IS unbearably expensive.",negative
"Sounds like your problem I’m doing great!! Also inflation is a global issue, weird to blame those issues you mentioned on a VP lol",positive
"If this tip policy is good politics that'd mean the electorate is devolving.  Because this kind of crap policy might only be pragmatic politics if it doesn't lose more votes than it'd gain and crap policy is a turn off for everyone who isn't a crap person.  Sadly what's the alternative, to vote for Trump?  Harris could be about lots of horrible stuff and it still wouldn't be close as to who's worse.",negative
Did the recent murder of the 26 year old American activist by the IDF in the West Bank also push you to your limit?,negative
"> far left toward accepting the fact Israel needs to exist.

.............. I'm a little frustrated with that sentence. Israel needs to not fuck over Palestine. The people saying so, are not saying that Israel shouldn't exist (though I do wish we had just given them Ohio or something instead of putting them in the middle east to fight over stupid holy sites for the next thousand years, but I digress) 

Israel should exist. It should NOT fuck over it's neighbors. Those two are not contradictory statements. In any way. 

I shouldn't have to say this.",positive
"Agreed. She will honor our commitments to America's Allies, including Israel. Because she's rational. Of this i have no doubt. I only dout the political viability of certain messaging. But she has threaded the needle like a champ.",positive
[deleted],neutral
"Small government. Lol!

Don't have the federal government do too much shit ala take back the ""small government"" moniker from republicans like they took back the patriotism, flag and whatever else from republicans; leaving them with nothing  to attack her campaign with

Her campaign has been very disruptive to republicans talking points... They can't get shit stuck on her... Love for country, putting country first, petty  nicknames, petty personal bullshit, policy... She has left them ... Particularly trump resetting their shit every fucking day... And in the process got them saying some really weird shit.",negative
Actions speak. She excluded it from her 2024 policy.,negative
Moderate Republicans are anti-legalization?,neutral
">Dem who came from California which has legalized Marijuana

That wasn’t her doing though. Anyway i respect her for being consistent",positive
And all the candidates already had political platforms. They weren't suddenly having to set them up.,neutral
"Recreational legalization isn't as popular as you might think
https://www.pewresearch.org/politics/2024/03/26/most-americans-favor-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-recreational-use/",negative
"while this is kind of a ""i didnt know anyone who voted for joe..."" thing i do agree with the sentiment

this subreddit has died on the capitalist pro-harris hill that poverty slowly getting better in a limited time frame under 1 administration is acceptable (even if its not good at all) because to a capitalist this kind of insane livability cycling is perfectly fine. eventually at this current rate assuming things don't get worse we'll have another generation like the boomers wealthy enough to put the flawed system back on life support",positive
"That’s why we gotta shoot for a trifecta, at midterms at least if we can’t flip house in the general.",negative
Not just the GOP in Congress. The GOP in the courts too. I sincerely hope democrats are serious about court reforms because without it this country is going nowhere except further to the right regardless of who wins the presidency.,positive
Kamala is sending millions to down-ballot races while Trump is instead taking a cut from them for his legal fees. We have a real chance for a majority,positive
"Obama didn't have house majority for 6 of his 8 years. Biden didn't have a solid Senate majority (Manchin and Sinema being obtuse) and after the midterms didn't have the house either.


For the first 2 years of her presidency, Harris shouldn't have these issues",negative
"Indeed (I’m US-UK dual national). The last 14 years has been an absolute lunatic asylum of a government, and people have been genuinely sick of the drama and stress of the whole thing.",negative
And now he’s pushing an incredibly unpopular austerity agenda that won’t do anything but help even further right-wing freaks to take over next.,positive
I wouldn't say Kier Starmer won in a landslide. Labor got about 35% of the vote but won 60% of the seats in parliment. The English system is even more scuffed than ours is in terms of democratic representation.,positive
Hence why I used the qualifier “relatively”.,neutral
He was a war criminal,negative
"Let’s not forget FistBump-Gate or the AirForce 1 Coffee Salute Scandal. The entire Obama presidency was just rife with controversy. Rife, I tell you.",negative
"I’m not voting for Netanyahu in this election, no.",neutral
Republicans would be much worse in that regard than Democrats tho,negative
"I stand corrected, I missed that.",negative
"I bet they had the cutoff there because it is done manually and if you start doing candidates, you're talking about thousands of websites.

But maybe they should consider doing very high offices, like presidents/prime ministers.",positive
"> It's only a tough sell to absolute morons.

Have you *seen* how many morons there are in America?",negative
"Since Citizens United money = power, and boy howdy have insurance companies rigged the game to make sure they have an outsized amount of it.",positive
"Universal healthcare is an extremely easy sell and powerful case to make - Bernie Sanders almost won 2 primaries he had no business even being a part of with it. That was his only real policy plank and every other Dem had to answer to it. Only reason Harris ever had this position in the first place. 

It’s just that the party doesn’t actually want to make it happen.",positive
2020 election was not about Biden's Healthcare Option. It was a referendum on Trump.,neutral
"Heritage keynote speech given by Trump:

>this is a great group and they're gonna lay the groundwork and detail plans for exactly what our movement will do

https://youtu.be/6q8gz_Kd7KI?si=f5te9EekgkDvNRZ-&t=61",positive
"As soon as they said a $200k house was now $500k, I knew they weren't arguing in good faith. House prices have gone up a surprising amount, but not nearly that much. Not anywhere near me, at least.",positive
"Sorry to hear that. I did find a dream job at Midwest. It is risky to move here without a job, because the job openings are not that many outside of Chicago.",neutral
Our first time home buyers an “in group” now?,neutral
"Oh, it's definitely not common in folks I know. The few people my age that I've heard it from had a sheltered, religious upbringing with some simplistic, traditional views on things (all drugs bad, men should be X, etc.)",negative
That won’t happen until after the election.,neutral
Fair. Some weird wording on my point.,positive
"I'd much rather her focus on that stuff too, but damn man, at the very least she could add it to the 40 other things on her list.",negative
"I would agree with all of this re. legalization but I guess the thing that pops into my head is the opioid epidemic, and also what I imagine alcohol to have been like before the prohibition era. Like there was a reason that the prohibition movement succeeded for awhile, and it wasn't just religious...people were drunk all the damn time and it caused serious problems. Banning it didn't work but it must have been appealing.

To me it seems that sustained, regular cannabis use is widely viewed as safer or somehow better than chronic alcohol or opiate use. And the tricky thing is that it really kind of is better, but better doesn't mean good and the problems are seriously adding up. 

I also don't know for sure if it actually will be viewed as safer when the data starts to come in. High potency dispensary weed is basically a different creature from what we were smoking even 20 years ago - THC levels anywhere from 5x to 10x higher than cannabis used to be and more accessible than at any point in history - and I really don't think we know what that level of THC is doing to people over the long term.",positive
"Idk, this is kind of a good chicken vs egg type question for a great many psychiatric diagnoses.   
  
Partly I have [this chart](https://www.justthinktwice.gov/not-just-weed-four-times-more-dangerous-in-three-decades) in my head from a recent training and inflammatory ""Just Say No"" shit aside, the increase in THC content pretty much has to do something in terms of its effects on humans...it just hasn't been studied much, yet. And this chart is just the street stuff; potency at regulated dispensaries trends much higher, and this says nothing about the increased availability or effects of resins, oils, edibles, etc.   
  
Or (mostly odorless) vapes that allow a person to keep a steady stream going throughout the day with minimal effect on people around them. That seems like a thing that just objectively didn't exist twenty years ago. Not saying it's definitely bad, just that it's a thing that hasn't been widely studied.

Another thing that didn't seem to exist - at least in the literature - until recently is [Cannibinoid Hyperemesis Syndrome](https://www.cedars-sinai.org/health-library/diseases-and-conditions/c/cannabinoid-hyperemesis-syndrome.html), and that seems likely to be connected to potency and frequency of use, too. First described in 2004, according to a very quick cursory Google.",positive
I believe she already has - she has supported or voting for bills when in the senate to legalize/decriminalize it,positive
That's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano,neutral
The number one selling vehicle in the US is the Ford F150.  I can count the number of Smart cars and fiats I've seen in the past month and it wouldn't add up to the number of full-sized pickup trucks I saw in the parking lot of QuickCheck yesterday alone.,positive
China heavily subsidizes their electric car market. The tariffs are intended to normalize the market so that the competition is actually closer to fair.,positive
"I agree with most of this, but i also see where Biden is coming from. They US gov cannot let china control such an important part of how the US society functions, vehicles.

The issue is, the incentives and investment to make American affordable vehicles isnt in place.",positive
"Why in the world would she re-use a 5 year old platform? It's not like the world hasn't drastically changed since 2019 -___- .

If you don't like her that's fine but this is a dumb argument.",negative
"She was not in control of when Biden decided to drop out. Anyone who would have ran would have faced that problem. She’s accomplished A LOT in 7 weeks, and I think you’re being unrealistic.

> There are people who think it would have been okay to find out after the election - they are wrong.

If people want to vote for someone for the sole reason that they are a candidate who isn’t Trump - that’s their prerogative, and to suggest they are wrong for it is actually wrong. It’s *their* constitutional right. If you have different parameters to give someone your vote, that is also *your* right. I hope now that you’ve seen her platform, it’ll be enough for you to give her your vote. ☺️",negative
"Robbed of democracy? Dog we’ve got one of the greatest choices in American history coming up. Whether we want democracy for our children, or we want it to end for the next 15-20 years at a minimum. We have a chance to *save* democracy. How can you say you feel robbed? If Trump wins you won’t get to vote in 2028, how’s that for feeling robbed?",positive
"And she had about 80 percent less time to get her campaign running than others.

Bitch and moan if you want, but try to be honest: you're being ridiculous.

As a full on socialist (me), Kamala feels like a breath of fresh air compared to establishment dems.

People like you don't understand that us electing who runs in the primaries is a new thing (1970s I believe). Most of US history, we were told who we were voting for.

I like voting in a primary--but the Dems rig it for who they want anyway. I think Kamala's progressive platform would've never made it through the primaries with neolibs running it.

So quit whining is my point.",positive
Project 2025 and the rat fucking the courts already got will keep MAGA viable looking after it devolves into nonstop infighting,neutral
Let's hope he actually goes,positive
"Considering who her opponent is going to be, though, it might be better if Buttigieg pounded a few shots of Everclear before they started.",positive
"A lot of us DO demand more. The problem is, we have the illusion of choice in the matter.",negative
"She had been at a disadvantage. Her team has needed to hash out exactly *who* are the swing voters. Of the issues which keep them choosing either party. This takes time and is a responsible action as a leader, to know who feels left unspoken for. 


This is good pacing. Measuring the news cycles, there's story beats to follow. Announcement, DNC, rallies, etc. The debate is up now and this policy release offers those who want more information to check and see what's on offer. This is fresh and untarnished by new media. The policy page also highlights Trump's Project 2025. The GOP won't admit anything to Project 2025, but this will encourage anyone who doesn't know about it to google it and tell these voters to be alarmed.


And on the flip side, this also leave little room for the news media to unpick ans spin the policies in a bad light. Kamala's plan has always been to let Trump run his mouth and dig holes. This isn't of any consequence of his loyal voter base. But he can't run any rallies to counter the policies. 


Now he is a cornered on the debate itself. If he backs out he would just be giving Kamala a complete segment to talk about her fresh and new policies unimpeded. So now he'll have to debate, and the whole world will be ready to see his embarrassing display. There will be no way for news media to spin it either. 


This has always been the game plan.",positive
"Uhm. In no sense has Harris lost anything. The race is essentially unchanged from two weeks ago; the net change in the spread, even in swing states, has been less than a point, with Harris still leading by roughly three points nationally.

I think it would be correct to say there was hope of a convention bump that didn't end up materializing, but it is objectively not true that Harris had a commanding lead that she has since lost.",negative
"well either way, the debate may be our biggest boon yet as long as harris is able to counteract trumpism",positive
"""I got mine so fuck you""

Ok Boomer",negative
These are all measurable. Weird you're pretending to not be impacted and that Harris is not part of the administration or shares common policies with Biden,positive
"I mean everyone in the US just wants lower taxes and I doubt most care about the long-term effects of appealing that so I’m pretty sure this just appeals to those people, especially since those electricians can start asking for tips now.",positive
"Oh you mean the Turkish American ""activist"" who was throwing rocks at soldiers during a war? ",negative
"Defending yourself from a constant barrage of rockets & the biggest massacre of Jews since the holocaust whilst simultaneously giving millions of dollars in aid and hoping it doesn't go directly to the terrorists in power = ""fucking over your neighbors"" 

Get a grip

Especially ironic considering Iran, Lebanon, and Yemen all constantly attack Israel",negative
"I've been a proponent of a two state solution for a long time, but it will not happen with Hamas running the show. I also understand the criticism of Israel's government; however, the existential threat against Israel is intense right now due to all of the radical terrorist groups that want them to disappear.",negative
"She’ll be much better than Genocide Don, that’s for sure.",positive
"It’s either a useful issue or it’s not. If it’s useful at all in a very close race and you are willing to do it, then waiting is incredibly stupid.",negative
"We gotta try, getting the House and Senate this election would go a long ways to pathing future Democratic wins. 2026 would have more younger voters than now, but if we aren’t able to pull some wins in the next two years it’ll be tough. Future wins depend a lot on now. Grassroots voter involvement and donating to candidates will be a big decider on how much we can get done. Fingers crossed for the trifecta and hoping for a super majority by 2028.",positive
"2010 was the worst year. Everyone gave up on Obama / Dems and republicans dominated the maps down to state level, and then that’s when we got REDMAPPED.",negative
"Not a lot of time to just sit on reddit talking about it? What direct actions are being taken? Fight, win, all three ways",positive
"> Harris shouldn't have these issues

If Harris wins, there's a good chance she wins the House. The Senate is a struggle though just to maintain at 50/50. The map this year isn't good for Democrats to gain seats.",positive
"Yeah, I think the UK public know that even though the current austerity measures are a difficult pill to swallow, they also the previous government was a complete shit show and and left them with a mountain to climb. 

Kamala just has to offer sensible normalcy, and let Trump seem ever more off the rails and desperate.",negative
"Unlikely. The problem is that the conservatives left a massive gaping black hole in the finances that they hid / lied about and Labor have no choice but to patch that hole. Making private schools pay bet when all other organizations have to, and the wealthiest pensioners lose their winter fuel allowance isn’t hurting the lower the lower and middle classes that all voted in droves for Labor. 

The conservatives can’t even sort out who their leader is and the choices remaining who surveyed the bloodbath are dire; Badenoch, Patel or Tugentwat lol",negative
" Sounds like she's finally putting things together. Makes you wonder if that pressure from public opinion actually works sometimes. It's kind of wild to see how she's highlighting the differences from Trump right before the debate. People are definitely going to have their eyes on her now, so it'll be interesting to see how this all plays out.",positive
"He got 412 seats. Theres no way to paint that as anything other than a landslide. The conservatives got an embarrassing 122 and lost 2/3rds of their MPs. 

Yes a lot of people didn’t vote but those that did went for labor.",negative
"relative to what? 


even a Harris presidency is going to be bad for people like you and me, i hope everyone voting for Harris is ready to go out and protest. calling the Biden or Obama terms boring or uncontroversial tells me, well, that we have considerably different values. for me at the time, yes the Obama presidency felt that way. however, as I've matured, I've found that administration's actions to be deeply upsetting, much of it morally reprehensible. and with the Biden administration, well, let's just say it's not hard to find a long list of wildly unethical things, including but not limited to the continued funding of the genocide of Palestinians, as well as myriad broken campaign promises. ",positive
How soon we forget his _Muslim prayer curtain_.,negative
"Kamala Harris has said she will continue the  Biden's administration's participation in the genocide. If you vote blue, you are voting to continue blowing up innocent children. Lousy",negative
Right so maybe the dems should do something about that now when they have power if they dont want to loose those voters.,positive
"These are the same people who hated Obamacare but loved the ACA. 

So yeah, this country is full of morons. 

To the point where I believe the only way universal healthcare is ever passed in this country is if we call it something else. Give it a clever acronym bill name. Then all those morons that opposed universal healthcare can end up liking the newly-named thing that’s actually the same exact thing.",positive
"He didn't really come close at all, especially not in 2020",neutral
"And once again, in 2024, it's a referendum on Trump era politics.

So there's no reason why she can't run on a public option like Biden did given that she's facing Trump just as he ran against him back in 2020.

I can't believe you just made that point given your previous comment. LOL.",positive
"He states that the heritages and Heritage does a great job. And they will lay groundwork. He never once mentions project 2025. Heritage isn't ONLY project 2025. Research up. Listen to it yourself. Or just continue to be willfully ignorant. Doesn't matter to me. 

Also, I enjoy how nobody is attempting to even explain why Kamala hasn't done the things she's going to attempt to run on again that were the same policies as in 2020 election.",positive
"I bought for 300k a few years ago, very similar homes in the area are 450-550 now, so might not be quite so bad, but housing has gone up a lot in the last 5-10 years",negative
"It's definitely that bad in some places, but not as a countrywide phenomenon.",negative
"I had a job and got let go. I've applied to a hundred more, interviews drag on for months with no offers. I'll be homeless in 3 weeks.",negative
"Yes. When a policy is made to cater specifically they are the ingroup of this policy. The outgroup is anyone who needs to buy a house and will get hit by the increase caused by this subsidy. Not just rich banks, could just be regular people who need to move because they lost their job.",negative
"And so many of those F150 owners wished they could get a smaller truck, and so many truck buyers wish for all those small pickups of the late '80s/early '90s that were so popular.  

But regulations currently don't allow such.  There are none.  It's not a ""popular"" issue, there just aren't other options (and given the regulations, were a manufacturer to supply one, it'd be priced higher than the oversized ones).  

It's one of those rare cases where a regulation did more harm with unintended consequences and needed to be adapted/changed years ago.",negative
"Like the other reply you have gotten, there’s been plenty of subsidies geared towards developing EVs in the US, especially towards the big 3.

Billions that were awarded to prop EVs, almost 20 years ago, were instead diverted to avoid bankruptcy, with little to no consequences.

Billions more were spent to save them from bankruptcy. 

We’re still awarding/loaning tens of billions to GM and Ford (in just the last few years), while they’re performing some of the biggest stock buybacks of their history, while also delaying all their EV plans.

The way to accelerate their offerings and making them competitive, is to allow competitive pressures.",positive
">China heavily subsidizes their electric car market.

Our country has been subsidizing EVs since the Obama administration...",neutral
"Because we hear the same thing every time, the republicans are going to do this, the democrats are going to do this.",neutral
"You can accuse me of bitching and moaning, but you’re just making excuses for the powerful.  

The democracy we have today is a little better than 50 years ago??  What is the point that you’re making here, we shouldn’t demand better because things used to be worse?  That’s literally a staple conservative position, surprising coming for a self-described full on socialist.  

If I and others ‘quit whining,’ what is the check on the democrats rightward shift? Say nothing and hope for the best?",positive
How is it not 90-10 in favor of Harris??,negative
"Which specific policies did Biden implement that you believe caused inflation (Edit:) which started just weeks after he took office and affected virtually every country in the world? How would you compare the impact on inflation of these ""Biden policies"" with all of the other inflationary events like the global pandemic, massive supply chain issues, a massive increase to the money supply, and corporate price gouging?

Given that YoY inflation rates have dropped back well under 3% and inflation rates specifically for food are even lower, wouldn't you say that the problem is mostly over? Are you expecting or wanting prices to go back down, aka deflation?

Are you aware that since the pandemic started, overall wage increases have outpaced inflation?

Edit: Wording...",positive
"Trump inherited Obama’s economy, just like Trump will inherit Biden’s work and take credit again 🤣

And using your logic, was Pence the one who was responsible for Trump’s term? Absurd thinking. And oh I’m not pretending, I’m making way more money and live just fine. Sorry to hear you’re not!",positive
I thought we all wanted taco stands on every corner and legal weed.  Why isn't she running on that?,positive
"There are many eye witness accounts that say there were no rocks being thrown. Plus, how cowardly is the IDF to kill someone because of a rock? They're in body armor, hold all the power in terms of firepower and government while aiding and abetting land theft. 

It's giving ""he was reaching for a gun"".",negative
"""A riot is the language of the unheard""

Israel is strangling Palestine. While we don't condone the actions of Hamas, they are completely not a surprise. 

Not sure why Israel needs to fuck over Palestine because of Iran, Lebanon, and Yemen. 

Get a grip indeed.",negative
Existential threat my ass. A few thousand deaths do not compare to 40 000 and counting.,negative
"You're changing the subject. 

The Far Left is not advocating for Israel to not exist. the Far Left is advocating for Israel to not be dicks.",neutral
I can feel a shift happening. It’s not out of the realm of possibility. I am choosing to have hope after none for so long. But also choosing not be complacent,positive
"That’s because the Dems whiffed, they had a super majority and played the “we need to be bipartisan” card, expecting the Republicans to have any morals. And it cost the US dearly.",positive
">relative to what? 

Relative to starting an insurrection and the attempted overthrow of a democratic decision.

*To start with*.

I skimmed the rest of your comment, the “Harris is bad”, “upsetting”, “immoral” etc. etc….junk. I’m not going to spend time debating your sensitivities and emotions. Bring *substance* to the discussion if you want to be taken seriously.",negative
"She didn’t say she will “continue the Biden’s administration’s participation of the genocide”, no.

So where were you during the U.S.’s support for Saudi Arabia’s war in Yemen? Somalia? Where were you during China’s genocide of the Uyghurs? Busy buying the country’s products?

Don’t wave your finger at me, missy.",negative
Just call it the Trump Act (Totally Republican Undercover Medical Plan) and they'll have no choice but to vote for it.,negative
"However you’d like to describe it, let’s just go with “got the second most votes”. it doesn’t really matter to my point at all",positive
"> explain why Kamala hasn't done the things she's going to attempt to run on again that were the same policies as in 2020 election

Here ya go, buddy. Maybe this will help:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vice_President_of_the_United_States#Modern_roles",positive
"There is a discussion in my local subreddit about the job market. It seems that a large part of the private sector is temporarily freezing their hiring. The uncertainty of the election makes the future economy hard to predict, and many companies are unwilling to take risks. Hopefully the situation will improve after the election.
Best wishes to your job hunting.",positive
That just seems like catastrophizing. Incentives for first time home buyers *arent new*,positive
"> And so many of those F150 owners wished they could get a smaller truck, and so many truck buyers wish for all those small pickups of the late '80s/early '90s that were so popular.

Show a source for that, because I know a LOT of people with full-sized pickups, and not one of them thinks that.  If we did, we'd...buy smaller trucks.  A Maverick is a hell of a lot less expensive than an F150.  The only people I know who say things like that are people who don't have/want/like trucks to begin with.",positive
"Well that's because of the filibuster lol, if you want them to get rid of the filibuster I'm right there with you",positive
You're the check on political party power. No wonder we're fucked.,negative
Pence was in the administration because he shared common political and philosophical policies. What even is this argument?,negative
"I think weed is too divisive still to run on that, especially with older Americans although I’m on young Americans, I’m pretty sure it’s super popular legalize it including me. She’s trying to run as a moderate who center of the road, including appealing to Republicans by saying you will be a president for all Americans so I think she wants to be able to get some Republican vote voters who might be against weed to vote for her possibly and that as something against the status quo since she’s a centrist, including adopting some Republican policies like the border bill and the taxes on tips",positive
"Also, ""a riot?"" Hamas violated a ceasefire, massacred (raped and murdered) thousands, took hostages? A riot? The Jew hatred couldn't be more clear ",negative
"Strangling them how exactly? With millions in aid? With jobs for Palestinians who freely come into Israel on work permits everyday? With greenhouses, schools, and plumbing, which Hamas dug up to make missiles? 

Let me give you a short education on the politics of the Middle East, because clearly yours is sorely lacking. 

Iran funds Hezbollah, the Houthis, and Hamas. Every attack from the terrorist satellites is a strike against Israel by Iran. The ultimate goal is extermination of Jews from the Middle East. 
Seriously, do five minutes of independent research and stop believing what you see on your tik tok feed ",negative
"I'm an advocate for ceasefire. I support Standing Together, which is a great peace movement. I want an end to the violence. I want the hostages home.",positive
"In 2009, the Democrats held sixty Senate seats for a brief period. The starting date was July 7, 2009, and the end date was August 25, 2009.",neutral
"This is so true. Democrats need to learn to kick Republicans right in the nutsack and when they fall to their knees, kick them in the teeth. Enough of bi partisan, we can work together shit . They will fuck us any chance they get.",negative
"You are are woefully ill informed. 
https://www.google.com/amp/s/thehill.com/policy/international/4862241-harris-palestinian-activists-israel-gaza/amp/",negative
https://kamalaharris.com/issues/,neutral
"Fine, Bernie Supporters also actually yelled at anyone who was in favor of ""public option"" because it didn't abolish private insurance.",positive
"It's not like the people who make these sorts of political calculations to exempt wait staff tips from taxation necessarily know what they're doing.  Probably focus groups and case studies are informing them it's good politics.  But when they focus on single issues like that and try to triangulate a winning platform they fail to account for how pandering on one issue turns off voters/encourages apathy on others.  Because they're not polling the whole platform.  They're polling on isolated issues.  It's a myopic by the numbers approach that gives analysts cover while failing to elevate the dialogue or national spirit.

Pulling this kind of crap reveals your candidate isn't above peddling bad policy for votes.  That encourages voter apathy.  It also fires up the other side.  I bet they didn't poll on that.

This country's been running on Dark Side energy for decades.  This won't end well.",negative
"It's a quote. One you should know. Google it. 

I don't hate Jews. I hate the Israeli government. And frankly, you're a real piece of... work... for going there. 

I'm American. I'm quite familiar with hating a government without hating a people. And I'm quite familiar with how a larger, stronger government strangles a weaker, smaller one. We did such a good job of it, Hitler praised our handling of the Natives.",positive
"We're not having this conversation. There's no point. It's been had a million times, and having it once more won't fix you.",negative
You’re still lying to make Israel sound like the victim and not the main perpetrator of violence.,negative
"60 D, or 58 D and 2 I unwilling to say they're R?",neutral
Was it really that short a period? I thought for sure that it was longer.,positive
Which doesn’t support your claim. I thus remain correct that she never said such a thing.,positive
Not there either…,neutral
"I think you’re mixing up two different things. His bill would have forbidden private insurance from covering what Medicare For All covered, but there could still be private plans for supplemental coverage. That’s how it works in pretty much every country with universal healthcare, as far as I understand it.",positive
"Quotes have meaning and you chose your words carefully

Speaking of Hitler, if you want to go there, you should read about how he was allied w/ the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem Palestinian Mohammed Amin al-Husseini and had planned for a concentration camp in the region known as Palestine in order to exterminate Jews

If you're so familiar with the plight of native americans versus colonian-settlers then i don't understand the cognitive dissonance when it comes to native semetic Israelis and the thousand year struggle to retake the native land of Israel and Judea

the difference is Native Americans were sadly and unjustly relegated to reservations whereas Native Jews (primarily Mizrahis) were successful following the defeat of the Ottoman empire",positive
"if you want to keep your head in the sand and not upset your established worldview with the actual truth of the matter, then be my guest

otherwise look up Hamas' published charter and draw your own conclusions

hint: it ain't ""Israelis"" or ""Zionists"" they call for the deaths of",positive
"dude open a history book it has always been the muslim countries and various terrorist orgs surrounding israel trying to wipe it off the map

just because the Israelis have the technology to intercept the missiles doesn't mean the missiles aren't coming en masse every day",negative
[removed],neutral
One of those I’s was Sanders. So no. Not an undercover Republican.,neutral
"Al Franken was finally let in, then Ted Kennedy was out. :(",negative
"Yes, during the [111th Congress ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/111th_United_States_Congress) Democrats had a majority for only 72 days.

This article goes into detail on what happened: https://www.beaconjournal.com/story/news/2012/09/09/when-obama-had-total-control/985146007/",positive
Yes it seems like you forgot or just were never really paying attention. Let’s not forget about a certain Joe Lieberman also who was an independent.,positive
https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefing-room/speeches-remarks/2024/07/25/remarks-by-vice-president-harris-following-meeting-with-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-of-israel/,neutral
"The point is that since you've decided that I'm not allowed to argue that he wasn't as popular as you think he was, I'm making the secondary argument that it makes no sense to mention Bernie in regard to the public option because his campaign was HOSTILE towards anyone who supported it, because it wasn't his Medicare for All plan.",negative
"Yes, yes, history. 

It's a real shame the Israeli government needs the Lebensraum. They should read some history books too.",positive
"Don't bother replying. You want to let the far right Israeli government get away with anything and everything. 

I don't. 

You call everyone who disagrees with you antisemitic. That's BS. 

We really don't have any common ground, and I just don't give a fuck to talk to someone like you.",positive
"Don't bother replying. You want to let the far right Israeli government get away with anything and everything.

I don't.

You call everyone who disagrees with you antisemitic. That's BS.

We really don't have any common ground, and I just don't give a fuck to talk to someone like you.",positive
[removed],neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"Getting rid of the tip credit system, that'd be interesting


 Restaurant prices might go up a little, but at least we wouldn't have to feel as guilty about not tipping ",negative
I feel so bad for back of house employees. Once again they are completely ignored even though they're the most important part of the restaurant.,negative
Take it a step further. Make pay transparency a federal law.,negative
[deleted],neutral
"*From Bloomberg News reporter Josh Wingrove:*  
  
Vice President Kamala Harris is pledging to end subminimum wages for tipped workers, widening a push to eliminate taxes on tips as she jockeys with Donald Trump ahead of their first debate Tuesday.

In policy proposals posted to her website, Harris called for an increase in the overall minimum wage and for the end of the subminimum wage for tipped workers. Democrats have long pushed for the move and included it in their 2024 platform. She also reiterated a call to end taxes on tips for service and hospitality workers, a proposal Trump made first.

Harris and Trump are set for their first — and maybe only — debate Tuesday in Philadelphia. The forum will be a key moment for Harris to flesh out her pitch, particularly for voters who say they don’t know much about her, and for Trump to sharpen his critique, as he looks to tie Harris to her more progressive policy positions from the past.",positive
"This submission source is likely to have a soft paywall. If this article is not behind a paywall please report this for “breaks r/politics rules -> custom -> ""incorrect flair"""". [More information can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/index/#wiki_paywalls)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",positive
"I feel like I already know the answer, but is this just tipped wages or inclusive of sheltered workshops and prison labor?",negative
">Harris called for an increase in the overall minimum wage and for the end of the subminimum wage for tipped workers.

This isn't going to do what she hopes it will do....again.  This is the 3rd policy I've been able to say this about.  it's disturbing that she doesn't understand how the economy works, yet is willing to ""fix"" it.  No bueno.",negative
"Ostensibly a tip should be just that, an additional thanks for great service, not a hidden cost to dining. If waitstaff are paid properly then I have no problems getting rid of tipping.",positive
"A handful of states already do not have a ""tipped minimum wage"" or allow ""tip credits"" -- servers must be paid at least the normal minimum wage (not including any tips). I don't notice really any difference (besides typical regional price differences) in restaurant prices in Minnesota (home) and I travel to other states often. 

Edit: Better source - https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/state/minimum-wage/tipped/2023",positive
"But she also wants to get rid of taxes on tips, which makes tips more valuable than wages, so there will be much more pressure to tip everywhere.

Eliminating taxes on tips is Kamala's dumbest and most frustrating proposal, not least because she's smart enough to know how bad it is. 
 It's just naked pandering for Nevada votes.  Fortunately it probably wouldn't have a chance in Congress.",negative
"This should, theoretically, increase wages for most of them.  Probably not cooks.

Anyone that gets a tip out should theoretically see a wage increase as a follow-on effect.

Theoretically being the key word.",positive
"I've been in the restaurant industry for nearly 25 years, what policy are you suggesting be directed to BOH employees? Are they getting subminimum wage somewhere that I'm unaware of? Where I'm at, cooks are blitzing away from FOH staff in terms of pay rates. Not that they're getting a living wage in this locale, but I'm not sure there's a straightforward policy fix for their woes.",negative
Business owners love having their customers directly subsidize their payroll,positive
Sounds like you’ve been able to say a lot of things with nothing to back your argument.  What were the other two policies and why won’t those two or this one work?,neutral
"Kind of my thoughts too. As long as they're making a full wage there wouldn't be much reason to tip unless the service was above and beyond 


 Which is probably how it should be ",neutral
The problem is it’ll always be expected and it’ll always be seen as rude not to tip even if servers aren’t ‘relying’ on it. That sentiment won’t just go away.,negative
"I don't think there will be pressure, not as long as the employees are making a reasonable wage.  I think people are getting so fed up with how many places are asking for tips that it'll end up being a non-issue.

They wouldn't be taxed because they aren't expected to be a significant portion of income.  I wouldn't feel any extra pressure to tip in that situation.  It would depend entirely on the quality of service.",negative
"I mean, it’s not like every plan she has will work.
Hard to blame her about taking a stance about removing taxes on tipping when Trump took the same stance.
It might just mean it’s more likely to get passed, it certainly doesn’t mean if tip credits were removed she wouldn’t rethink the situation.
Fact is tips were often not taxed in the past, the decline of cash did that. When Covid hit many of these people fell through the cracks when their reported income wouldn’t give hardly any money of unemployment.
It’s possible to have different ideas and solutions!
Also possible to adjust and rethink things.
The idea of removing taxes of tips by itself is by no means a clearly good or bad idea when we don’t know what else might happen before it’s put up for votes.",negative
"I think they meant foh will be minimum wage + tips, being decently more than boh will make off standard pay.",negative
If someone is making a decent wage AND expecting a tip they will have a rude awakening.,negative
"I will say this from my experience, I made a LOT more than minimum wage at the last restaurant I worked. Working 7-8 shifts including weekends a week was easily 40k a few years pre covid- so if they put wait staff on (current) minimum wage and dissuade tips it could cut the paychecks of some servers. Just a random thought.",positive
"Oh sure, but there's no policy solution for that without mandating some weird tip distribution or pay equity situation.",negative
"I've worked various serving and bartending jobs over the past couple decades and always made well over minimum wage.  That was also all pre-Covid.

I've also seen plenty of other servers who were excellent - but not flirtatious or less attractive - get screwed because a table was in a bad mood.  I've personally had a 22-top ask for split checks at the end, complain to the manager that because the checks are split they shouldn't have to pay gratuity, and end up with literally nothing.

Tipped employees are entirely subject to the whims of almost everyone around them.  Tipped employees also have no special need for untaxed income.  It's a measure to help the business, not the employee.

If a tipped employee is good at their job, they'll still get tips.  It just won't be expected from the customer or be their primary income (probably, still possible with enough tips).",negative
"I think op meant exactly that. There is no policy solution and that there shouldn’t be one. Boh shouldn’t be minimum wage either yet it’s entirely up to how much the company will pay, without having tip credit/etc to blame",negative
"Fair and valid points. I’m all for making restaurant positions minimum wage tbh, as you said. Good servers will still get tipped",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"How is this even a close election?  I live in a deep red state and the enthusiasm for Trump is basically gone compared to 4 and 8 years ago.  Almost no flags any time I travel to rural areas which was actually quite shocking.  I have yet to see one of those ""Trump Trains"" that I saw often in 2020.

I just don't think people are going to get off their asses and vote for Trump",negative
Talking about policy will do nothing. The media will be all “omgz she’s so boring” and even though Trump will rant nonsensically and threaten violence on several groups they’ll still say he was “energetic and excited.”,negative
"Hot take:  Even if Kamala Harris destroys Trump in the debate, the movement in polls will not be detectable.",negative
She just needs to go after him like she did Kavanaugh and Barr.,positive
Only one candidate needs policy and it is fucking sickening. Trump doesn't even deserve to exist and yet he has a chance of winning the White House again.,positive
"A “strong policy debate” takes two competent participants.

I don’t care how MAGA you are.  Trump isn’t who Republicans need defending their policies.",positive
There is no tie to break.,negative
"Screw policy. The media isn’t doing their job. She needs to go after his recent statements on:
Dictator on day one

There will be blood

Dick Cheney’s comments

Threats to arrest his political rivals


Stop sane washing him and treating this like a normal debate between two sane candidates who happen to disagree on fiscal policy",negative
"This submission source is likely to have a soft paywall. If this article is not behind a paywall please report this for “breaks r/politics rules -> custom -> ""incorrect flair"""". [More information can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/index/#wiki_paywalls)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",positive
"I disagree completely. Anyone that is currently supporting him, is not going to change their mind based upon a debate of any kind. He has already proven to be anything but presidential, and yet still shows massive support in rural areas. Secondly, anyone undecided at this point is hopelessly ignorant to policy, diplomacy, democracy, propaganda, grifting, etc. The debate is ceremonial at this point. It should be still fun to watch the him flail and fail, but the ostriches are going to stick their head in the sand.",negative
"She needs to ignore the bully because this isn't about scoring points against an angry, demented old man, it's her first real chance to introduce herself to America.",negative
"I agree on one hand, but not entirely.

The debate focussing on policy and resulting in a Harris win on that basis is important.

But it's more important if it starts to reframe the rest of the campaign with an expectation for undecided/persuadable voters that policy is important.

THEN Harris wins this next phase of the campaign by actually understanding, explaining and defending her policy positions.

Trump is terrible at doing this, so if this is what he needs to do more of, we are going to get more ""child care"" type of viral clips of him floundering to explain his positions clearly.",positive
"Is it, though?",neutral
Or she can wait for Trump to keep flip flopping until he has no voters left.,negative
"Yeah, that’s what undecided voters love…policy.",positive
"I disagree, and from what I've seen from Kamala's campaign, I would wager they know what they are doing.

Trump will never talk policy so talking policy with Trump is a losing proposition. Kamala should introduce her policy to the camera and hit Trump on one or two things so that the sound/video bites calling him out exist for the ad blitz. She doesn't even need to answer the question, just turn the answer into something to the sound bite that the campaign needs.

That's literally Trump's entire strategy, he has no policy so for him it needs to be about optics and getting the sound bites from himself and some unfavorable sound bites from Kamala.

Everyone who remotely has the capacity to understand/care about social policy should be voting for Kamala already unless they are single issue voters who would be appeased by Project 2025. Everyone else is optics.",negative
Just showing up will be enough for Trump to be declared the winner by the media.,positive
"I thought the same thing a few weeks ago when I drove across the entirety of Nebraska. Uber conservative, deep red farming and ranching country and I saw two Trump signs in more than 300 miles. Lots of signs for other republicans though, the enthusiasm doesn’t seem the same as it once was. Maybe they’ll vote for him anyway but anecdotally there are a lot of things that don’t jive with the polls.",positive
I'm still seeing the same amount of trump flags :(,negative
"I’m seeing a lot of interviews of Republican voters where they admit they dislike Trump as a person but will be voting for him anyway.

Trump definitely still has tons of support (ie votes), it’s just that those rabid fans from 2020 are much much less enthusiastic about him this go around. They are simply holding their noses to pull the lever for him.",positive
"I live in a fairly red county, and I'm seeing fewer Trump signs than ever before. But I also just this weekend drove to my home county and took a different route than usual, through a small town, and there were several Trump signs and flags, along with a sign that said ""Kamel Toe Harris: The original hawk tuah girl,"" so the cult is still out there, being as classy as ever.

Of course, I haven't been through that town in many years, and I wasn't surprised to see it, given it until not terribly long ago had a Civil War museum/KKK shop on Main Street. I also wouldn't be surprised to find out that a few years ago, there were many more signs and flags.",positive
"Unfortunately in 2024 this debate will be won by the person with the best one liners, not the person with the best policies. Let's help her out

Rebut with a great one-line....

""Bing, bing, bing bing........was that him going off script again, or the just the facts checker working overtime ""

Follow through with a policy statement.  The old one-two

I'm sure we can give her a few good one-liners",positive
"Honestly I've been trying to be objective about Kamala to try to understand where she comes off lacking to the other side and I've concluded maybe it's because her style is less bombastic. Like Obama livened up the room, he was inspiring, he oozed confidence and charisma, he was quick with the quips, he modulated his tone to fit the speeches, perfectly timed pauses to make a point or emphasize an argument, increased the tempo to avoid slack in attention. Basically he was a natural.

Trump just annoys the hell out of me and screams liar but if I try to forget who he is, he does give off a certain brash confident energy/a certain showmanship/a looser storytelling style  that can for the very very ignorant and biased voter act as a solidification of belief that he's got the chops. Like he sells himself well to his particular base because he's like a snake oil salesman, he's got an oily charm that can be mistaken for gravitas and ability. 

Kamala makes a less overt impression..at the DNC she brought the energy but during the CNN interview, while she hit all the correct notes, her energy was quieter, more solemn..I liked it because I already like her. But maybe she needs to be louder and firmer. Being a woman, people already approach her with some preconceived notions and biases that she can't do the job and because there is no template or precedent for a female president, she has to create the template. Which is also why she needs to do more interviews, more freewheeling ones but also ones where she shows her louder/stern/more brashly confident side. And she needs to bring more flair, more chutzpah.",positive
"Trump will threaten the media themselves and the shortsighted, greedy MF’rs will **still** sane wash him.",negative
The bar is set so high for Kemala and so very low for Trump. If he remains upright and doesn’t start to eat the podium the media will applaud his stellar performance. If she makes one slight misstep deep into the minutiae of foreign policy the media will jump all over it and say she blew the debate.,positive
Please do elaborate,positive
"It’s not about changing the minds of people that are supporting him, but showing to ones who are still on the sideline that she has solid policies and a concept for the future of America. A big problem right now is much of what she supports and is aiming for is unknown beyond women’s rights.",positive
I really hope that one day people learn that charisma means jack shit about any other qualities of a person or their suitability for a job. Even acting or performing… surprisingly many people are uncharismatic in one context and when representing themselves rather than a persona,positive
"The Republican Party is hemorrhaging members, and polls of likely voters are usually conducted among elderly people with landline phones and listed numbers.

Illusions are not facts.",positive
"You are preaching to the choir man but these are tricks of the trade. That's why public figures have speech writers and speech trainers. Perception matters. Remember The King's speech? One shouldn't discount first or last impressions, body language and the like.",positive
"Thank you, that might help me sleep tonight",positive
Are they hemorrhaging members? I don't see any evidence of that anywhere,neutral
Oh I know. It’s the reality. Just hope we get past that one day. Maybe our robot successors will…,positive
"2021

https://www.nytimes.com/2021/02/10/us/politics/republicans-leaving-party.html

2024

https://amp.cnn.com/cnn/2024/02/19/politics/republicans-retiring-house",neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
and an actual rapist / felon is running as their candidate.,negative
10 bucks says there’s Russian Rubles involved.,neutral
It's an interesting tactic considering their guy is literally a convicted rapist,negative
This is so disgusting,negative
No you don’t say…. The fake Christian is making up fake stories about his opponent? The guy who said he lost for 3.5 years cost “his” party every election since 2019 would stoop to such a repugnant tactic,negative
"This submission source is likely to have a soft paywall. If this article is not behind a paywall please report this for “breaks r/politics rules -> custom -> ""incorrect flair"""". [More information can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/index/#wiki_paywalls)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",positive
">While the group first organized around generic Republican talking points to support Donald Trump, after an emergency “War Room — Kamala Messaging” meeting following President Joe Biden’s choice to step aside, the network shifted gears to talk about Harris’s sexual activities. They compared Harris to Haliey Welch, the “Hawk Tuah girl” who went viral after discussing oral sex.

>In August, Trump elevated similar attacks on Harris, reposting a meme on Truth Social featuring photos of Harris and Hillary Clinton alongside the comment: “Funny how blowjobs impacted both their careers differently…” Other conservative posters also emphasized Harris’s previous relationships with California politician Willie Brown and television host Montel Williams.",negative
Sexual smears? Syntax bro!,neutral
"Serial rapist, sex offender, not just some regular one.",negative
if she is claimed to be homosexual it's 100%,neutral
And spent 15 mins talking about it and bragging about them “not being the chosen one” at his “presser” on Friday,neutral
…who cheated on all three of his wives.,negative
Probably the Russians making it up and the fake christian just spreading it.,negative
Yeah but he’s _a man_ (I use that word advisedly).,positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"The difficulty with Rogan is that it's three hours.

So for people that invest the three hours, they usually get to know the guest well and feel more positively toward them.

BUT - if I was a FoxNews editor, I would LOVE to have three hours of lose conversational content to cherry pick from to spin out of context media bites from.

That's the risk.",positive
"Honestly, Joe Rogan rarely antagonizes his guests, and when he does, he does NOT typically come off sounding smarter than them. I’d say sure, go ahead, but be prepared for bad faith conservative “gotcha” questions just in case. Remain likeable and friendly at all times.

What I’d REALLY like to see is an interview on Hot Ones. She’d have to do a test run in private first though. I think she could handle it. Trump OBVIOUSLY could not.",positive
lol fuck Joe Rogan that dumb fuck couldn’t last a half round with her - boomer ass conspiracy theorist grifter,negative
"Forget Rogan, don't give him the attention. 
Maybe tRump should go on Kimmel or Daily Show with Stewart.",negative
Fuck Joe Rogan,negative
"Rogan is a serious journalist like sherbet is ice cream.
He's an auto-fellator.",positive
After all the racist anti black things Joe Rogan has said and endorsed on his podcast?  She may piss ppl who are voting for her off more than she will convert his faithfuls. It would be shameless pandering to an audience that is mad women can vote and minorities don’t do what they are told anymore. Absolutely not.,negative
God I hate Joe Rogan. He's garbage as far as I'm concerned.,negative
"Forget Rogan, I want to see Harris and Trump go on Hot Ones!",negative
"Every time I hear Mayor Pete speak, I wish America was ready to accept a leader like him. Hopefully in my lifetime. ",positive
"I think Trump's campaign has been one incredibly stupid decision after another, with one exception: him going on the podcast circuit (Theo Von, Lex Fridman, etc). That was a smart move, and I think it'd be a similarly good opportunity for the Harris campaign.",positive
"Honestly...and, I hate to say this...I think she would do well to go on Rogan.  I can't stand the guy, but she needs to broaden her appeal with his listener demographic and, as Mayor Pete often points out, you have to take your message to the people who otherwise won't hear it.",negative
"Tim walk would do better. But frankly, no one should give that clown any credibility. He’s a pos.",negative
She should go on Joe Rogan & Theo Von & a bunch on other podcasts. People would love her personality.,positive
"This submission source is likely to have a soft paywall. If this article is not behind a paywall please report this for “breaks r/politics rules -> custom -> ""incorrect flair"""". [More information can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/index/#wiki_paywalls)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",positive
I'd rather see her in hot ones. Joe Rogan stopped being interesting 5 years ago.,positive
"I used to like Joe but I haven't listened to him in a long time, he was fun to listen to and entertain the conspiracy theories. After one interview with a returning guest I went back to listen to their first appearance and Joe was talking about a documentary about the lawyers trying to convince people smoking wasn't as bad as it was being made out to be. I believe the Doc was called ""Merchants of doubt"" and it didn't take me long to realize Joe had become a Merchant of doubt. He only ever seems to have conspiracy theorist and crackpots, or doctors who were part of a single study that found a weird instance that hasn't been replicable or found in the metadata studies. I cheered when he had Bernie Sanders on and cringed when I heard he had RFK on. Joe has become the enemy of his younger self. It feels like I am living that part of ""The Dark Knight"" where I am seeing my heroes become the enemy.",negative
To date the Rogan Bernie Sanders interview is the best Bernie Sanders interview on record. I think she should go on Rogan if she's comfortable speaking in long form about her beliefs.,positive
Harris and Walz should do hot ones,neutral
"I haven't listened to Rogan lately, but he was a fair interviewer back in the last campaign cycles. He gave Bernie Sanders a full 3 hour episode. Which is about 2:58 more than any corporate media outlet gave him. 

Kamala should have enough of that ""prosector"" mode left in her to get through any interview or debate and know if somebody's trying to trap her into a soundbite that can be twisted against her. So yeah, why not? She also could reach some voters who aren't going to watch MSDNC or FAUX",positive
She should go on Joe rogan and they should eat hot wings together.  Kill two interviews with one stone.,negative
"It just baffles me that for three straight elections, the Democrats have failed to field a candidate who is both able and willing to go anywhere and talk to anyone, instead playing into Trump's hands with one coin toss election after another.

Why is it so impossible since Obama to find a Democratic candidate of age under late 70s who actually demonstrates something resembling people skills of a politician.",negative
I would do it. Roger is a tool.,neutral
Honestly she should go on Joe Rogan,positive
Is he still screwing that CCP spy?,negative
"> The difficulty with Rogan is that it's three hours.

Harris' team could tell him it's 1/2 hour.  He's not going to turn it down.",negative
"He's done hour long episodes. 
She can have a hard out. ",negative
She grew up with an Indian mom. My moneys on her being able to handle hot food,neutral
No you throw Walz on Hot Ones and enjoy all the jokes about how the first wing is too spicy for him when they coordinate to give him a wing with nothing on it.  Let Kamala sit with Rogan and let his bro listeners hear an actually intelligent person speak.,positive
">Honestly, Joe Rogan rarely antagonizes his guests, and when he does, he does NOT typically come off sounding smarter than them. I’d say sure, go ahead, but be prepared for bad faith conservative “gotcha” questions just in case. Remain likeable and friendly at all times.

>What I’d REALLY like to see is an interview on Hot Ones. She’d have to do a test run in private first though. I think she could handle it. Trump OBVIOUSLY could not.

Joe Rogan is an antagonizing tool who has spread Covid misinformation and hosts guests who spread blatant misinformation on a bevy of subjects.

He is antagonizing because he makes racist and antisemitic comments. He spouts transphobic crap.

[Joe Rogan Draws Backlash For Antisemitic Comments—Spotify Silent On Latest Controversy From Its Biggest Podcaster (forbes.com)](https://www.forbes.com/sites/conormurray/2023/02/08/joe-rogan-draws-backlash-for-antisemitic-comments-spotify-silent-on-latest-controversy-from-its-biggest-podcaster/)

[Aaron Rodgers and Joe Rogan spout transphobic nonsense (advocate.com)](https://www.advocate.com/news/joe-rogan-aaron-rodgers-transphobia)

Kamala should not waste her time with being questioned by a racist and bigot like Rogan.",negative
"She’s half Indian, shit wouldn’t phase her.",negative
"I actually really loved the Bernie Sanders interview on Rogan’s podcast. Of course, that was pre-Covid so it was before Rogan went completely off the rails",positive
"This!! You are totally right- it could be good. He is a good listener and often fair. I do think she can handle him. And I think it would help showcase her abilities to talk to a not her typical crowd, to level with a not fan. Maybe convince some of the more reasonable listeners of Rogan even. Honestly think she should do it.",positive
Having Jamie there as well would be interesting if asked to bring something up as I think Jamie does his best to make sure the source is neutral. He's brought up stories that disprove Joe and stories Joe thinks proves his point but will stop reading halfway through b/c he realizes there's something that reveals the whole picture & he moves on (for better or worse).,positive
"That really would be a great split of a ""I'm for the people"" and a softball interview.  Kind of like going on MTV back in the day.  He is also a really good interviewer so it could come off really well, especially if she made it all the way through.",positive
"Could you imagine Daily Show or even Real Time with Bill!? I think Stewart would legitimately interview him and probably piss him off in an instant. I can't stand Bill, because he has deeply fallen into a boomer echo chamber. However, I know he and Trump absolutely loath one another. It would be entertaining to see their fakeness devolve into madness.",negative
"TBF, fuck Joe Rogan",negative
Bernie had town halls on CNN,neutral
">I haven't listened to Rogan lately

It shows.",neutral
People were too scared to vote for the young gay guy who can and does go everywhere and talk to everyone.,negative
Is trump still married to that Russian cover model/prostitute?,neutral
This. Pretty sure she’d get to dictate the terms.,positive
"That could help.

Personally, I'd like to see her to friendly podcasts more than this.

Give her a chance to fully explain her policies and views on life, some good personal stuff too.

She could do ten of those, at whatever length.

Then consider Rogan later.  

We need to remember that Rogan would love to bring her down, so there's always that.",positive
He'd definitely say no and then tell his audience that she declined the proper scrutiny that all his other guests submit to.,positive
"Yeah, not a bad idea.  As I responded to someone else, I think she has many better options than Rogan.  When we know Rogan would love to bring her down, it's just not worth it in my view.",positive
"The hot ones audience is probably already voting for her. Going on Joe Rogan, like Bernie did, might actually move the needle a little bit in swing states.",positive
"I think so too, but this election is far too important to risk going in blind. She’d have to try Da Bomb before scheduling the interview.",negative
Holy shit. I would love to see Walz on there,positive
"Walz would muscle through, but the reactions would be incredibly entertaining.

However, don’t underestimate how much confidence Harris would inspire by keeping her composure throughout. Also, Harris instead of Walz puts pressure on Trump. Having Walz do it puts pressure on Vance to reciprocate, and I fear he’d fair better. Of course, Walz and Harris could certainly do it together.",positive
Last wing just coated in mayo,neutral
"Kamala should probably go on Lex Friedman.

Lex is a terrible, useless interviewer, but his audience overlaps with a lot of the other personalities.  Walz could do Theo Von.",negative
Agreed!,positive
"Joe Rogan is a gullible moron who has fallen deep into the conspiracy trash can and pushes quacks and grifters to millions of people. No one, especially the Vice President and candidate for President should be doing anything to legitimize him. The only reason any one should be going on to his podcast these days (besides all the people trying to grow their own influence and find more gullible people to grift money from) are people who will call Joe Rogan an idiot to his face and demonstrate what a hysterical, conspiratorial loon he is.",negative
Bill would be sucking Trumps toes three minutes in. Why even out him in the same sentence as Jon?,positive
[removed],neutral
"Rogan gets a lot of shit for expressing his own crazy ass views, but he does a really good job of just listening to his guests and letting the fully explain their positions and points without trying to stir the pot.",neutral
Pete would be a better person. She's not the podcast type I think. ,positive
"On the flip side, she might show that she is not the crazy person the average Rogan voter thinks she is and can help in swing states, it's not like she will lose votes she can only gain them. And whoever does the podcast can't be seen as democratic shill, Rogan is definitely not on team Democrats. We know she won't flop or look stupid, so it's a win-win in my mind.",positive
"I think Hot Ones viewers who like Sean and his guests are probably already In Harris’s column, but I think a contingent of viewers are younger apolitical YouTube video aficionados who would simply be impressed by a politician appearing on a modern, culturally relevant, non-traditional media channel while holding her own eating incredibly spicy wings. I think that could generate enthusiasm and inspire some to act who would otherwise stay home.",positive
This exactly!,neutral
Mad that part of politics in 2024 could be a candidate having to do a taste test run of Da Bomb,negative
Good lord.. do you have any idea how bad that would be for Vance when it comes to the depth of research that Hot Ones does?,negative
"""OH god that's hot!  Is that a CARROT?!?""",positive
How many people listen to his podcast though? What percentage of them vote? I'm willing to bet a large percentage of his audience votes and that's a lot of people and I believe Kamala Harris will be able to sway a small percentage of them bc she will show she is not a quack or grifter. It's the same reason Pete Butiggeg does so good on Fox.,positive
Actually I take back what I said- you may be right. I was thinking his audience at least on reddit is very anti trump. They are not exactly kamala supporters either but they routinely make fun of trump so in terms of attracting the attention of an otherwise undecided contingent of viewers who at least seem vaguely politically invested may not be too bad..,positive
Oh now you care about accuracy?,positive
"I would agree with that with one proviso.  He's never had the responsibility of interviewing Presidential candidates.  How hard does he push, when does he listen, when does he just say ""that's bullsit"".

(I don't consider RFK a Presidential candidate if that came to mind).",positive
"People who are still watching Joe Rogan do not have the ability to determine who is a quack or grifter. Treating Joe Rogan like a serious individual would be a terrible move for a Presidential hopeful.

Pete does well on Fox News because he specifically pushes back on their narratives and doesn’t treat going on there like he is going to have a friendly chat.",positive
"We will just have to agree to disagree, I think she can do the same as him with Rogan.",neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
*Donald Trump is baffled by this strange behavior*,negative
I felt so bad for this lady. I have felt the same at times and to see this and hear her say it’s gonna be okay really hit me personally.    I hope she’s right.   Vote Blue!,negative
"I feel like we are all this woman. I’m glad this is being spread everywhere. It’s nice having a candidate that can, you know, interact with people in a completely normal way.",positive
It’s nice to have a normal adult for a candidate.,positive
"You know how we will get through this? By our actions.

Donate blue, volunteer blue, recheck your voter registration, then enthusiastically vote blue with friends! 💙💙💙

Kamala Harris and Tim Walz are great, savvy candidates with a great message, popular policies, and real humanity and empathy. But all of us have to do our part in this too.",positive
"Meanwhile JD Vance: 

“How long have you been crying?”

“Okay, good”",neutral
"Talk to kids about the future. Not just their future. THE future.

It doesn't have to be bleak.

Stop buying into fear. Be the change. NOW =)",negative
VOTE… and we’ll be fine!!,positive
She came to Kamala…tears streaming down her face…literally. Not just in weird Trumpian fever dreams.,positive
Notice she hugged the woman.  She didn’t stand next to the woman with a stupid smile on her face or giving a thumbs up.,positive
"I feel like anyone reading these threads is a likely voter. The question is - how to reach anyone around who might not be.  
That cousin, that barista or bartender you’re friendly with. Someone at the office whom you know might have an open ear. This is who we need to be talking to. 
They need to know a.) WHATS going on with project 2025, abortion etc. And b) their vote actually matters no matter how red that state.",positive
"We are. 

We'll get through this.

Remember that.",neutral
Vote 🔵,neutral
This will be Gus Walz 2.0 for the right wingers. They can't understand authentic emotion and empathy.,neutral
"Get in contact with the Democrat party in your locale and offer to take people to polls if you aren’t at work, etc. that day.",positive
JD Vance tomorrow “wasn’t that Kamala video so weird. Right guys!?! Right? Anyone?”,negative
"""Such a nasty woman....""

DJT",negative
Vance: So how long have you been crying?,negative
"In Maralagoville, Trump did scowl,

At the sight of Kamala, so bold and so foul.

She hugged a woman, oh so tight,

The Trump couldn't understand, it just wasn't right.



He stomped and he paced, his heart growing colder,

And with every step, his anger grew bolder.

""This love that they share, it's a trick, it's a scheme!""

He muttered to himself, ""It's not what it seems!""


But the more he watched, the more he began to see,

The love that they shared, so pure and so free.

He couldn't deny it, it was right before him,

But still, he refused to let it in him.


So the Trump, who was Trump, let his heart grow just a bit more,

Only one millimeter more, to be precise, and nothing more

He vowed to never let love in, to never let it win,

But deep down inside, he knew he was losing the spin.",positive
"This isn’t fair…

Women cry when they see Donald Trump too…

For a completely different reason, obviously… but crying is crying.",negative
I feel like crying to Kamala too. Begging her to do whatever is in her power to address my home state hating it's own existence.,negative
"This is the kind of thing we could've used 8 years ago, seeing a presidential candidate connecting with people on a personal level. I'm happy to see it happening.",positive
"I will admit, I have been thinking about what am I gonna do if Kamala loses to the cheeto lord. I really have no idea. Anyone else have an idea?",negative
"Donald J Trump: ""I know she felt emotional, but it's because she didn't put the lotion in the basket and got the hose again.""",positive
Fucking ads,neutral
"Those Palestinians won’t be

Edit: this sub loves genocide",positive
We’re not going to be fine.,positive
"""we're going to be fine"" says leading statesman who walked back her stance on single-payer healthcare

😭",negative
"She is totally for real an actual human female, and not a robot at all. 

We promise.",positive
"Looks so staged, wonder how much they paid her to do that?",neutral
I hope you all wake up and realize we are only in this dire situation due to policy mistakes by her administration. It’s foolish to believe she will do any differently if elected to President. You may hate the Cheeto but his policy is sound.,negative
Stop believing in politicians.. they don't care about us.. they'll lie to get what they want,negative
Its so great to watch the libs cry,positive
Harris wins and we’ll be fine and dandy.  But even if Trump wins we’ll look out for each other.  There’s no downside honestly.,positive
"""What's in it for her?""",neutral
The man knows no empathy.,negative
*It hurt itself in confusion*,negative
"""Can we get someone to make her stop crying?""",negative
"Usually crying women are trying to get away from him, not come towards him.",negative
JD Vance: clearly deviant behavior. They can't make babies like that.,positive
He’s always talking about people coming to him with tears in their eyes and you can tell it’s never happened.,negative
"“They only cry when I roll off them, tears in their eyes, the best rolls. Everyone says so!”",positive
JD Vance sees woman crying: OK... Good.,negative
"Donald Trump?  Shit, Republicans would never...",negative
Trump would have been feeling up the woman. Like he does with Ivanka.,positive
"* Donald Trump: Why do you cry?
* Donald Trump: You mean people?
* Donald Trump: Yes.
* Donald Trump: I don't know. We just cry. You know, when it hurts.
* Donald Trump: Pain causes it?
* Donald Trump: No, it's when there's nothing wrong with you, but you hurt anyway. You get it?
* Donald Trump: No.",negative
"He’s baffled because the person with tears running down their face isn’t a big, tough guy.",negative
I can’t wait til Tuesday. She’s gonna stuff him in her pocket while being classy while laughing with her eyes,positive
I’m going to be her if Harris loses. I don’t think I’ll survive a second Trump presidency.,negative
"Very true. I definitely had my moments after Kamala was brought to the forefront that brought me to tears, too. I can’t explain it, but it really felt like a wash of relief to see and hear her. I know we have work to do still, but I’m filled with hope in a way that I just wasn’t before.",positive
"Jesus Christ.  I misted up listening to Kamala reassuring her, ""We're gonna be good, we're gonna be good, we're gonna be fiiiiiiine.""

  
How the hell are we in a place where basic human empathy is such a valuable commodity?  It's not enough to have Trumpism and MAGA scoured from the face of the earth, we need to vote the GOP back to the stone-age.

And then, y'know, maybe actually get a truly left-leaning party as the opposition to the Democrats once the racist fascists are so far away from power that they'll never be a threat again in our lifetime.",positive
It sure is!,positive
"There's nothing normal about sending arms and funds to continue the intentional, targeted mass extermination of children.",neutral
"Text bank. Phone bank. Know voting rights and how to enforce them, and though it may sound scary have the means to reach out for help in case of an emergency. ",negative
"This is the first time I’ve donated to a political campaign- and for this election, I’m making a habit of it.

Any time I hear a MAGA folk at work say something dumb, I toss over five more bucks.",negative
"All of us have to do our part too. 

A thousand times this.",neutral
"I just made another donation.

I wish I wasn't so scared.  We have a plan B to move out of the country but leaving our home is going to be very, very hard for us.  I love this house.

I feel like that lady does...we're on the verge of losing our country to a pack of fascist, racist morons....and its hard to just go through the days and not be anxious and have a sense of dread.

I plan to do whatever I can to make sure that it doesn't happen...",negative
"And complete your entire ballot, please! Don’t skip a single race—local elections matter!",positive
"If anyone is interested in  volunteering remotely, you can make calls to swing states on your schedule. You just need to attend a one hour Zoom training first. Information here: https://events.democrats.org/event/551644/",positive
"She is running on zero policies except embracing GOP arguments about ecofascism on the border, and has said clearly that under no circumstances will she cut aid or arms to Israel, indicating we can expect every single child in Gaza to be dead within the next 2 years. Given that she could simply pick up the phone, call Netanyahu, and threaten to join the arms embargo civilized countries are holding against them, and Netanyahu would fold and accept the cease fire on the spot, just as Nixon, Reagan, Bush, Clinton, Bush, and Obama ALL had to do and did without issue. That she is less willing to stand in the way of genocide than George Bush or Richard Nixon bodes extremely poorly in terms of ""real humanity and empathy""

I'm afraid there is no way to convince people whose extended families have been exterminated to vote for their exterminator. Kamala will not get these voters back without making that same call her predecessors made. Seeing how many people have come to enthusiastically support the extermination of the Palestinian people in order to support Kamala's investment banking cartel run/oriented campaign. I was really hoping she would differentiate herself from Trump rather than running on a hardcore neofascist right wing extremist platform as she continues to double and triple down on. 

Until she stops aiding and abetting genocide I can not vote for her.",positive
What policies?,neutral
Saying a pair of genocidal monsters have real humanity and empathy calls into question your own humanity and empathy.,neutral
[removed],neutral
Just cry as much as makes sense.,negative
"Lmao I know exactly what you’re referring too. I made a comment on Instagram Threads saying the way he said “Ok, good” was like an alien gathering intel for his overlords. Just super weird.",positive
"Came here looking for this, thanks ⬆️",positive
"I hope so. I just really, really hope this country doesn’t mess this up.",positive
I am so scared it's likely my latest reason for dissociation episodes.,negative
Some of us. Not all of us.,neutral
Nice job! He’s the political Grinch.,positive
"I recommend using uBlock Origin to block ads. If you want to go further, you can use NoScript (at least in Firefox) to block all javascript except the ones you explicitly allow. You can block ads on mobile too using NextDNS. Good luck!",positive
"you’re making a difference, keep up your anti Kamala Reddit spam. You got this tiger!",negative
">I hope you all wake up

I did ""wake up"" . . . during the pandemic, when Republicans tried to sacrifice all of us to the SARS-CoV-2 virus to ""save the economy.""

How's that for a ""policy mistake""?",positive
So are you suggesting that people shouldn't vote?,neutral
Why is it so hard to believe politicians can be regular people too?,negative
"Kinda weird of you, dude.",negative
Trump lost bro.,negative
"If your definition of joy includes the suffering of others, I would recommend looking inward.",positive
"Looking out is, much to the dismay of some, finite.",negative
If Trump wins we won’t be looking out for each other. We already don’t.,positive
"Jesus, I heard that in his voice.",neutral
"""Didn't even grope her ass, what kind of weak shit is this?""",negative
"Or basic human decency. It's baffling that he hasn't ended up in pris....oh, wait...",neutral
Yet millions of Americans vote for him. /Shakes head.,neutral
[This has been forgotten](https://youtu.be/_-9ov40Pm3Y?si=6dbXAF2DA6aGdr8k),neutral
"""Security, get her out of here.""",positive
Trump would just grab her by the pussy…..That fixes everything.,neutral
What do you mean women can't get pregnant while crying? How do you think the Trump boys were made?,negative
"it has probably happened, but not like he means. then again I doubt he surrounds himself with people who would have tears for the reason I assume when thinking of him",negative
"Smize-ing, for the 30-year-old women in the room",neutral
I want his failure to be incandescent. I want a second sun to appear briefly in our solar system as he melts down live.,negative
4 more years of Democrats and we'll have two classes: rich and homeless.,positive
"I think it’s definitely the hope making us emotional! Post debate I was heavily depressed—I wasn’t eating, wasn’t sleeping, and more or less mentally preparing for Trump 2.0. I was reading project 2025 articles and trying to convince myself it either wouldn’t happen or, if it did, it wouldn’t be THAT bad, right? Then Biden stepped down, Kamala stepped up and the party quickly unified around her. No infighting, no bickering. 

I’m not ashamed to say I shed quite a few tears in the days following Biden’s endorsement of her. It finally felt like we stood a chance again, and just for me personally it felt like I got my life back. But you’re right, still a lot of work to do!",positive
"Because we didn't hear anything positive from political candidates since Obama. And the hatred started there from the moment the racists aka maga came out and started the whole birth certificate BS. Ever since there are millions of people doing nothing but trying to gaslight you and that drains your energy.

  
So an act of kindness can be refreshing. I sell Disney pins and I have grown ups tear up over them because it takes them back to a place where they remembered being 'happy"".... 

I open a door for someone and they are surprised. I stand up for a lady in the bus and people are confused. I don't see evil in homeless people, just a reminder that I got lucky making better decisions in my life. You buy someone a sandwich because they are hungry and they sincerely thank you like it's the nicest thing ever.

But doing those things make you a target for MAGA calling you a communist. Because being social and being nice equals communism. 

I don't get it.... Compared to European politics, the Democratic party would be considered a right-wing party. I don't think there's a party like MAGA in Europe... People sure but there is no party like that because the vast majority would be disgusted by their views.",positive
"I can't upvote your comment enough. Past generations bought their complacency on credit and this generation is stuck with the bill. We can't afford to sit this one out -- even a little bit. 

They want to end us. But we will end them. Vote.",positive
Empathy is such a rare and valuable thing in this world because we have forgotten to listen to our hearts.,positive
Makes me feel better for having too much empathy. Thanks man.,positive
Let me add- comment on social media posts. I know a lot of people like to stay silent on others posts- but showing support in the comments goes a long way.,positive
"Ooh, that might get pricey. They say a lot of dumb things.",negative
Donating to people who should be at the Haag for their involvement in a genocide. Good one!,positive
I’ve genuinely been wondering if he’s a body snatcher for a while now (no pun intended).,neutral
Same,neutral
"Exactly. I’m sure Brian Sicknick, USCP, thought the same last presidential election, before he was murdered by insurrectionists.",negative
Apparently he's incapable of understanding sarcasm lol.,negative
"eh, I do what I can lol",positive
I've never met a regular person in my life that'd see what Israel is doing to children with the weapons we send and who would keep sending them. Kamala is definitely not a regular person.,negative
He admitted it,positive
"This is basically why Republicans don't trust Walz. He has no stocks or assets. If he's not trying to get rich, then what is his angle? What is he hiding?


They can't fathom that someone is simply trying to do good",negative
"Yeah, right?!?! He's thinking "" why would she do that?"" She's not getting anything out of that?!?",positive
"no, you were right. It is baffling how he hasn't, and even more how he's never going to.",neutral
"Amazing. Trump boasts about his callous lack of human decency.

He boasts about it.

He is not ashamed.",positive
"""Nobody wants to see that!""",neutral
"""Get her out of here, get her the hell out of here! Throw her out in the cold, don't give her her jacket!""",negative
"Nah, he wouldn't do that to the crying lady.  He isn't that depraved.



  
He might do that to the lawyer on the right though......",negative
We were all rooting for you!,neutral
"4 more years of Trump and we will no longer be a republic.  And Republicans are the ones that are the cause of the extreme income inequality not the democrats.  Trumps tariffs are a direct tax on the middle and lower class, while having little impact on the rich.  The Trump tax cuts from his previous administration expired for the middle class but were persistent for the rich.",positive
"The lack of cognitive dissonance always amazes me.

That a person can genuinely think Republicans want to/will solve homelessness, as opposed to jailing the homeless.

That a person can think that income inequality is driven by the party that wants to strengthen worker protections and raise pay rather than the one that promotes at-will employment and no minimum wage.

That a person can look at consistent economic growth under Democrats and continued recession and rising debt under conservatives and then conclude Democrats are bad for the economy.

It must take such an act of will to see things through such a distorted false lens.",negative
"This is a joke, right? 
Trump's tax plan only benefits the rich.The working class gets better tax breaks with Harris' plan. We are under Trump's last tax reform until 2025, his new tax plans will destroy the middle class. Plus, Trump's tariffs have been paid for by Americans. More tariffs will be a disaster for the people. Thanks to Trump, American farmers lost their foreign soy markets. We will never get them back.",negative
GTFO with your horseshit,neutral
"Even IF this was true and not utter horseshit, what do you think you are going to get with Trump?

The only people supporting Trump are people who simply do not grasp how government functions or accelerationists who want to burn down everything with the delusion they can put their libertarian wet dreams in place.",positive
ok Ivan,positive
Not even remotely true if you bothered to research basic facts instead of basing your beliefs on your poor little feelings.,negative
"The party isn't unified, I've never seen it more shattered. Virtually nobody I know, even most of the normies at the pub I drink at, have said they can't vote for her because she continues to send arms and funds and provides diplomatic cover for Israel's intentional extermination of children. Every day I shed tears for the children Kamala is exterminating. Every day I pray she stops committing this genocide in our names and stops making nazis out of the democrat loyalists.",negative
">You buy someone a sandwich because they are hungry and they sincerely thank you like it's the nicest thing ever.

When I lived in the city there was an unhoused guy that always sat outside a bodega I frequented.  I started tossing him my change after I came out. Then I started saying 'hi' to him once in a while. He *never* initiated any interaction with me. Then, when the weather warmed up, he started having a cat with him and I started having longer conversations with him. His name was Evan, his cat's name was Poppy, he came from a bad home and he'd been bouncing between finding work and not being able to hold down a job for *years* because he was always being paid under the table because he didn't have a place of residence and he couldn't find work that would pay enough to get an apartment. But on cold days he left his cat at 'home', wherever that was, with food and water because he didn't want her out in the cold weather.

It breaks my heart even now, 20 years later, thinking about this guy who was doing the best he could with the hand he was dealt and all I could do was get him the occasional sandwich and food he would share with his stray cat friend. I just don't understand how anyone could pass them by and not want to help.",positive
I’d say Biden has been a very positive candidate and president. He is a genuinely good man.,positive
">I don’t get it.... Compared to European politics, the Democratic party would be considered a right-wing party. I don’t think there’s a party like MAGA in Europe... People sure but there is no party like that because the vast majority would be disgusted by their views.

There absolutely are.  AfD in particular just won an election in Esstern Germany by trafficking in the same immigration rhetoric the GOP employs(and of course, if the other German parties just adopted harder immigration policies they’d disappear…look how the dems are stomping out Trump because of their rightward shift on the issue!  /s), becoming the first right wing party to hold power since….y’know…..the Nazis.",positive
"Same on the other side of the pond. Same tactics, same lies. AfD, PiS, Fidezs, RN, ReformUK all using the Trump/Bannon playbook. With friendly support from the gremlin in the kremlin. Every BS they say gets blown up by clickbait tabloids. They even have their own „Fox News“ versions spewing hate.",negative
"> I don't think there's a party like MAGA in Europe

There's plenty. AfD in Germany, National Rally in France, Fratelli d'Italia in Italy, and they're all popular. This is a worldwide problem.",positive
Ex homeless person chiming in to let everyone know that giving food is generally frowned upon and some people won't accept it because we have people trying to poison us all the time. Gift cards are better if you don't feel comfortable giving cash.,negative
True! :D,positive
"They can’t help themselves, and neither can I.",positive
"That’s the unfortunate stage of geopolitics.

Lost in this discussion is some hard truths that people conveniently ignore or aren’t aware of. 

It’s lazy to just apply a binary proposition to the complexities of the world. 

The low hanging fruit position of “innocents dying is bad”
Is obvious. It’s more difficult to find tenable solutions that work in the framework of the circumstances.",negative
"It's even simpler.

> They can't fathom ~~that someone is simply trying to do~~ good.",positive
They believe he's a Chinese asset or communist sympathizer because he taught abroad for a time.,positive
Same reason they were caught off guard by Biden dropping out -- they couldn't fathom someone voluntarily giving up power.,positive
I don’t think a lack of stocks or other investments is necessarily a good thing. Maybe his pensions are sufficient for his retirement needs…but participate in your 401K. Own stocks and bonds. They’re good for you.,positive
"They figure he has an offshore account, I’d be willing to bet. Claiming something that can’t be proven false as the verifiable truth. Whole bunch of Goopers.",positive
He did it to Ivana while she was crying after he ripped out her hair and raped her.,negative
How DARE you?!,neutral
"These are people that look at Trump, the clown with the bad makeup, fake hair, ill fitting suit, who talks like a 4th grader, cheats on his wife with porn stars, and holds press conferences at 4 Seasons Total Landscaping is the picture of competence. Their brains don't work.",negative
"> That a person can look at consistent economic growth under Democrats and continued recession and rising debt under conservatives and then conclude Democrats are bad for the economy.

Clinton's claim of democrat job growth vs republican job growth was so insane I thought it had to be wrong.  50 million jobs vs 1 million, since the end of the cold war.  But it was real.  republicans have been absolute shit for over 30 years at leading the nation, and have only won the popular vote once since then, but keep getting put in charge and fucking shit up.",negative
"Seriously, what is the alternative RIGHT NOW? Would you feel VINDICATED seeing Trump win? Would you feel GOOD seeing Trump win? Would you feel PROUD seeing Trump win?

I just don’t get this logic. I don’t. This is setting yourself on fire to keep others warm. This is forgetting to put the oxygen mask on yourself before helping the person beside you.",positive
"Because it’s “not my problem”. But it is. A homeless person not working costs everyone a little bit of money. Getting sick costs us money. Cleaning took costs us money. The loss of business in the area costs us money. Enforcement costs us money. 

Someone suggested to lock them all up. That’s 30K a year per person. Wouldn’t it be better to use that money to make housing affordable for them, get them the (mental) health they need, help providing food? 
And hopefully; many of them will get a job. Will get better. Will be able to rise up and participate in society. They’ll start paying taxes. Whole areas in cities would become more popular. More businesses would come back creating more jobs and (tax) revenue.

How’s that not helping yourself? How’s that not “your problem”? 

I totally agree with you. Take a moment and talk to them ( not the once having a drug induced episode of course). But the ones you can talk to and hear their story and ask yourself…. Could I have been one or two bad decisions away from a similar fate?",positive
I blame - in part - a certain childless cat lady - Ayn Rand. And in general a system that views people as just another commodity to be exploited.,negative
"And Steve Bannon Mike Flynn, Stephen Weasel all consult with them! Facts, not a conspiracy",positive
"I tried a few of times telling homeless people I'd buy them a sandwich they picked out at the convenience store they were hanging out in front of.  I was always refused, and one guy straight up told me he wasn't interested because he wanted to buy booze and lottery tickets instead <shrug>.  I give to shelters now instead of trying to give to people individually.",negative
"Nixon, Reagan, Bush, Clinton, Bush, Obama all called the leader of Israel in their time, threatened to cut off money and arms if Israel didn't accept a cease fire. In every case they did. Kamala could pick up the phone and in 5 minutes put an end to this. It is incomprehensible to me why she is so intensely dedicated to exterminating the Palestinian people, outside of  the fact that AIPAC has an excellent track record of defeating everyone they deploy their political machine against. The idea that this is complicated is downright silly, we are providing all arms and funds that maintain this genocide, we by our own laws, the Leahy act, and per international law MUST stop sending weapons immediately. Kamala has gone so far as to say that she will not, under any circumstances, cut this aid, that makes her a criminal. 

While I would like Trump to be in jail, it's clear the only reason democrats allow him to remain free is in order to use him to strike fear into their base to maintain their bases's support even as they engage in the most sadistic and vile acts the party has participated in since Andrew Jackson.",negative
"They believe he’s a Chinese asset because their brains work like this:

‘Ok this guy isn’t rich. So he’s trying to get rich, because I would be if I were poor. How would I get rich if I were in his position? What do we know about him? Spent time in China? AHA! If I were poor and about to be in a position of power I’d be selling myself to anyone who wants it, and China definitely wants it! That must be his plan!’

They cannot comprehend the ideas of humility, public service or wanting no more than a reasonable, quiet life.",positive
"They look at fire and water while standing in a burning house and say, ""Being wet is cold and miserable. Those hoses just want to give you pneumonia!""

I begin to think it’s less about stupidity and more about people who just can’t see fire. But how do you cure that level of willful ignorance?

You fuckin’ vote. That’s how.",negative
"130 years*

Trickle Down economics is literally from the 1890s and was derided as ""Horse and Sparrow Economics""",negative
"It’s because Republicans are uncritical and better at branding/rally around the flag. And damn them for it.

Both parties are one issue vote blocs.

Republicans see one issue they agree with the candidate on (IE abortion) and ignore every other flaw if their candidates line up. They’d vote for a risen Hitler if he was anti-abortion.

Democrats see one issue they disagree with their candidate on (IE Palestine) and ignore every good quality their candidate has. Kamala could have the cure for cancer and if she can’t stop what’s going on half a world away while not in power, she’s done.

If we could rally around our candidate like they do, and forgive at least one point of contention each, we could beat their monocular bullshit.

They’d never win again.",negative
"No, I would feel vindicated if Kamala made the same call as Nixon, Reagan, Bush, Clinton, Bush, and Obama, to threaten to cut off arms and funding to Israel if they do not immediately accept the cease fire. What I am mad about is Kamala's far right shift in policy that takes her to be the most bloodthirsty president since the trial of tears. I just don't understand the logic of actively, eagerly supporting a genocide. Never again is now. 

The democrats have already abandoned everyone in my red state, the Palestinian refugees show up to protest for my rights. I know who I'm siding with.",negative
"Caring for people costs less than not caring for people, in the long run. 

But of course our systems are geared towards short term profit, and not long terms gains. The only way to change that is to change the rules of the game. And the only way we can change the rules of the game is by voting. 

So I’m asking everyone here to do one thing: don’t just vote for the top of the ticket this year, fill out your entire ballot. Please. I beg of you. Because the people at the bottom of that ballot have more power over your daily lives than the President and Vice President. ",positive
"Great way of looking at it.


It's not always a bad decision, either, though. Sometimes life just goes badly and the safety net doesn't catch you. It sounds like that might be what happened to Evan--coming from a bad home is a serious handicap.


I would rather live in a society where I was sure the net didn't have holes in it. ",positive
"If you had a modicum of intelligence and want to be rich, you don't throw yourself into the national spotlight actually having to go out and work. You do it behind the scenes. Quietly.

Which is why the most insidious and powerful, rich people are the ones you never hear about.",positive
No. They see fire. They are pyromaniacs.  The thing they like about him is the fire.,negative
"The absolute loons, sure. But I also have known many who genuinely seem to believe he’s better.

Some Trump supporters are just straight-up evil. Some are just misguided with an inability to see what they’re doing and supporting.

The loons I get. The ones that don’t realize what they support are the ones that scare me.",positive
"They make excuses, but they love him because of the hate.",positive
"I did not say I love Trump, but Biden policies of open borders, open drug use in the homeless camps, pandering to certain groups,  lack of inflation control, etc is enough for me not to want more from Harris. How's your rent by the way?",negative
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
North Carolinian here and there’s decent chance that NC will go blue in Nov.,positive
"Chances are if she wins NC she has probably also won PA and a few other battleground states so...yeah

Vote.",positive
"Yep. A win for Kamala in NC makes the path to electoral college victory much easier. 

Based on the polls it could definitely happen, and hopefully the people of North Carolina will elect Josh Stein (D) as their next governor, too

https://www.joshstein.org/",positive
It’s insane and stupid that the his race is even close,negative
"Harris can only win those swing states and states like NC if Dems get out and vote. Americans living overseas can vote, too!

Go to votefromabroad.org for more information.",positive
"I’m liking her chances of winning NC. Biden almost flipped it in 2020, get out and VOTE!",positive
Cooper is probably correct. NC going to Harris would make it very very difficult for Trump to get to 270.,negative
Thankfully Robinson's losing and his words are so bad even audio of him saying he wants no abortion at zero weeks (pretty much anti abortion since conception).  So if he is that toxic then he'll take a lot of votes away from Trump.,negative
"Come on, NC! We can go blue!",neutral
North Carolinians should also get out and vote Jeff Jackson for AG.  Guys like him are the future of the Democratic Party.,positive
Fucking vote. Lots of influence on here saying “Kamala up big” but that’s all smoke and mirrors to get you complacent. Vote like this is the last election you can ever vote for in your life again because it may very well be.,positive
NC here let's fucking go,neutral
"If Kamala wins NC, she's almost certainly taken all the other swing states except maybe Nevada, so that checks out.",positive
"Transplant from PA living in NC - She has my vote, and would have had it if I still lived up north.  Need to win this!",positive
I want Georgia to go blue again. Just to twist the knife deeper,positive
"NC resident here. I was hoping to fill out my absentee ballot next week, but RFK has delayed them indefinitely by demanding his name be removed. Worm-brained ratfuck.",negative
"Abroad voter here with NC home address. Never been so motivated and proud to vote knowing my vote really really matters more than ever!  C’mon NC, let’s do this! ",positive
I live in nc and I’m voting for Harris. She’s got this.,neutral
I think she’s going to take most of the swing states.,neutral
"Hard to see how Trump has a path forward if she takes NC, which also mean she probably takes GA",negative
"If she wins NC, can she win without Pennsylvania?",positive
It is just fucking horrible that orange turd is allowed to even walk free. Pass a law please preventing this miscarriage of justice.,positive
Agree.  I can't see a scenario where she wins NC but loses other swing states that are slightly more liberal.,neutral
"I really want to have confidence in my fellow Tarheels, but I see so much Trump/MAGA adoration where I am that it's discouraging. 

Still, I'm voting blue with all of my heart. Straight ticket as always. 

And big thanks to Governor Cooper for his service to our state. He's a good man.",positive
If Harris wins Texas then she will be president,positive
When....,neutral
I’ve recently seen that Texas is also within contention according to polling. I feel like if she wins that then it’s really game over. Not expecting this of course.,positive
From your mouth to God's ear.,neutral
***IF***; the polls are too damn close for me to feel comfortable just yet.,positive
"We need multiple back-ups. PA is no lock. Trump could stun again and sweep multiple states by a razor margin. A candidate who is both a woman and a woman of color is still kind of untested and I kind of worry if men will get sweaty palms and just vote Trump as sad as that would be. 


Too much toxic masculinity with thinking like a woman doesn't have the temperament to stand up to world leaders, that she'll be too soft on immigration and crime, or whatever their dumb excuses tend to be while overlooking Trump's sea of red flags.",negative
This just in: North Carolina Governor understands that North Carolina is a tipping point state.,neutral
Me and my wife moved back just in time to help.,positive
I sure hope she does!  Go NC Blue!!!!,positive
"True, but she doesn’t need to win Nc to take the election.",positive
Win Texas and it won’t matter.,positive
Don't threaten me with a good time,positive
"A warm, genuine smile from a trusted politician. Honest Roy Cooper.",positive
"If she can win NC, that'll definitely be amazing, but she'd still need at least one more state if she also won WI and MI. So yeah, no matter what, we need to make sure she wins as many states as possible, perhaps even flipping some red states blue.",positive
"Well, yes that is true… but can we please be honest?",positive
"Why is it even close? It’s baffling to me. 
Also extremely sad. 
But if someone can lie about everything and not be confronted by fact checking journalists it’s a dangerous situation",negative
"Roy, from your mouth to God’s ear.",neutral
So he’s okay with her winning? That’s cool!,positive
"Just seen stats similar to this   

https://youtu.be/WIoZcs7PSOs?si=Gs-6Y7vim9Z4MBH-",neutral
Yeo,neutral
"Or FL, TX, GA, or PA",neutral
"I am worried about PA, GA and AZ.  I am also worried about election interference from Russia, Saudi Arabia, and Netenyahu.  My gut tells me it's not as close as the MSM is making it out to be.  A close race keeps people engaged and increases advertising dollars.  I got my kids to register to vote, and my wife and I are full supporters of Harris and we will be voting early.  We live in Tennessee, so Trump will win the state and that horrible creature Marsha Blackburn is sure to get reelected.  They won't get votes from us, though!",positive
NC voter here. I’m voting blue. I’ve seen a lot of Trump support here but also a surprising amount of Harris support.,positive
That’s not news that’s just a fact,neutral
Concerning when democracy makes headlines.,neutral
I pray that never ever happens.,positive
"As stubborn as PA has been to move left in the polls NC may actually be needed.

Edit: Oh manI hope it doesn't come to that because it would mean that without GA Harris has 269 votes. I don't trust GA to not try to hold their votes hostage if they give Harris the WH.

Edit edit: I apparently can't fill in a map correctly and had MI going red. So yeah ignore my first edit. Lol",positive
With how toxic the Republican governor candidate is I think we will. Dude is disgusting,negative
"I mean, Carolina blue is such a lovely color",positive
"Can't wait to do my part to turn us blue, but also make sure that racist bigot Robinson doesn't get a chance to hang MAGA and the Stars and Bars from the executive mansion.",negative
Here’s hoping for Texas and Florida. Not only president but down ballot. Apparently there is a study of these states and the dems don’t vote down ballot. If they would then bub bye Cancun Cruz and that ghoul in the flowers state likely wishful thinking…,positive
In NC as well and I agree!,positive
Make it happen NC. I'll root for your college basketball team for the rest of time if you do it.,neutral
"Trump is [currently polling at a less than 1% advantage over Harris in our state.](https://www.270towin.com/2024-presidential-election-polls/) That is INSANE to think about, coming after the 2016 and 2020 elections! I think you’re right, there’s definitely a decent chance we go blue in November. Fingers crossed you’re right!",positive
I sure hope so. I'm in NC as well and everyone I talk to absolutely loves Trump. It's sickening and I stopped talking politics with most people lately.,positive
Yep. 👍 Am voting blue in NC,positive
"Knowing our luck, Stein will beat Robinson by 10 points, but Trump will eke out a 0.5% win.",positive
"God I hope so. Between education, film, lgbtq, and marine science all just being screwed by state level legislation. I’m tired of this grandpa",negative
I'm a NC resident and I made sure my voter registration is up to date so I can vote for Kamala! Unfortunately I live deep in Trump country so I'm too scared to put up anything indicating I'm voting blue but I'll vote in the hopes there are more like me keeping it on the DL,positive
"As a clueless Canadian, is Roy complaining about it or is he happy about it?",positive
Im trying,neutral
Make us proud.,positive
You helping or getting others to help volunteer?,positive
That's optimistic,positive
Based on.. gut feeling?,positive
I’m sorry bro but it’s not happening.,neutral
And get your friends and family to vote (blue).  https://votesaveamerica.com,positive
"Exacrly this

We are very homogeneous these days, if she wins North Carolina or Texas or Florida it's extremely likely she's won the others because its going to be the same type of voter that pushes her over the edge in every state

I cant subscribe to these fantasy maps where Harris wins North Carolina and Georgia but loses Michigan and PA",positive
"The thing about polls is we really don’t know if it is close, until after people actually vote.  Theres so much data manipulation by polling firms, to account for any potential over or under-sampling, that to put much significance in any poll, is really a fool’s errand.

Dems already learned in 2016 (and even in 2020), that polls can easily be wrong, so let’s not put too much energy into them, and just go out there and vote.",neutral
"from a popular vote point of view, it isn’t. the  electoral college is the insane and stupid part.",negative
"Both of the last two elections seemed close, until the end.",neutral
"Sadly a large percentage of the population is stupid and easily led by fear mongering and having their fragile egos stroked, which is sadly all Trump is good at.",negative
"I’m skeptical of the polls just because of how wrong they’ve been getting it in recent years and the enthusiasm, donations, and voter registrations seem to be telling a different story than the polls. I don’t think these polling groups have ever been able to properly adapt to the death of landlines.",negative
"It was pretty close, 74,483 vote difference, Biden: 48.59% Trump: 49.93%.  I think Democrats are more enthusiastic this year than 2020, I could easily see that flip to an 80,000 vote margin for Harris this year.",positive
"I live in a super red area on the NC county map. I have seen fewer Trump flags driving through the country. Last week the cute house near me that had the Trump mailbox wrap, flag, and garden flag switched back to all their St. Jude's decor. So not sure if that is just for the month of September and they're switching back in October or what?

  
I think most of my coworkers will vote Trump, though. They have all the Fox talking points and won't hear anything else.",positive
Having the record of being sued by the Girl Scouts isn’t the greatest look for he and his wife either.,positive
"Before conception actually. Pregnancy is counted from the first day of the last period which is approximately 2 weeks before conception. Implantation is about another week after that if it occurs. The first missed period is about 7-10 days after that for people with regular cycles. So the earliest you can find out about pregnancy is about 4 weeks along. (This here explains why even a 6 week ban is actually a near total ban and that any earlier is even more asinine) in the majority of cases, people who know they are pregnant that early are people who were actively trying for a baby. And those people wouldn’t be looking for an abortion unless there was a medical need for one. ",negative
"Please do, so that everyone can breathe a little earlier, and not have the fate of the nation hinge on us in PA.",positive
I absolutely agree!,positive
We have a good slate for all of the Council of State offices. Most of the Republican candidates are absolutely awful. I think Troxler and Causey are the only ones who aren't woefully bad.,positive
Also Mo Green for Superintendent - we cannot let Michelle Morrow win!,positive
"Currently Nevada is the only swing state (next to AZ, GA, NC, PA) that‘s been averaging 1-2+ Harris in the past week or so, so I don’t really see that",neutral
maybe you should have stayed in PA a bit longer :),positive
High 5 !,neutral
Thank you! I’ll be doing my part from NC!,positive
Cheating is his path forward.,negative
"If she wins WI, MI, & NC, she still has to win NV.

In reality, if she wins NC, she is likely also winning either PA or GA based on demographics.",positive
It will be very very very hard without PA.,negative
"She better, after all we have already named the largest county in Texas after her.",positive
and if she does Allred is most likely also beating Cruz,negative
If Texas goes blue i’ll eat Musk’s backwards ketamine-ridden sweaty Stetson hat.,neutral
"If you go into the detailed results of [this poll](https://emersoncollegepolling.com/september-state-polling-california-florida-ohio-texas/), they ask undecided voters which way they lean and it puts Harris within 1.1 points. 

Texas isn’t expected to be a swing state until around 2032 but these are unusual times. I’m going long on popcorn futures.",negative
"I want that dearly, but let's not be putting out these silly pipe dreams",positive
"If Harris or Allred wins, that AG and governor will declare there was fraud and  that actually Rs won",positive
Well yea...but she's not going to.,positive
No one gets to feel comfortable until Inauguration Day. Comfort is what got us here.,positive
Well he’s a Democratic Party member and he spoke right before her at the convention,positive
Good thing praying has never done shit then,positive
I guess you also pray that there are no school shootings. How is that going?,neutral
"NC + WI + MI + NV = 273... Wisconsin, Michigan, and Nevada are pretty good bets for Kamala, so where did you get 269?",positive
"I'm not worried about Georgia shenanigans.

1. They would have to hold up the certification of ALL elections to do that, which includes the certification of House races among others and that's not going to happen.
2. Presuming some officials decides to eat the entire bowl of stupid, One could seek a writ of mandamus to certify.
3. Presuming that same official decides to start freebasing idiocy by defying the mandamus order, the same court which issued the order could then order the certification on that officials behalf.
4. The official would then face civil charges and potentially be held *personally* liable under 42 USC 1983.",negative
NC will totally be needed if she doesn’t get PA.,neutral
PA will go blue so long as people vote. The 'polls' will keep. It close to drive clicks due to its importance.,positive
PA will go blue so long as people vote. The 'polls' will keep. It close to drive clicks due to its importance.,positive
"Trust me. Michigan is not a shoe in. 

But if PA and NC go blue it's pretty much a lock. Nate Silver says only 3% chance of losing if NC and PA go blue.",positive
"If Kamala needs Georgia to win, we’re in trouble. I don’t think GA will go blue this election.",positive
"Math is hard Bro. 

I got you👍

I did the same thing 😂",positive
North Carolina is geared up and ready to disappoint us all once again.,negative
"269-269 wouldn't even need to go through fake elector nonsense for a Trump win. The outgoing House gets to vote at that point, and it is based one vote per state.

Harris needs 270, unequivocally.",positive
"The thing that's comforting me about Georgia is that I genuinely believe Kemp wants Trump to lose (for his own selfish reasons to run for president in 2028, not due to any moral objections).",negative
"If the Democrats can't win Michigan despite winning it last time, a lunatic opposition who's degenerated even further over the years and what I thought was a popular state government and control over all levels of government (so hopefully no election and vote tampering/rigging), then the entire election across the country may be cooked.",negative
The NC GOP candidate?,neutral
"Ticket splitting is still a thing. For example, Floridians might decide to vote to enshrine a right to an abortion in their constitution while casting electoral votes to the donvict, who would take that right away.",neutral
Not to mention the state school superintendent. Greensboro person here. Let's fucking go.,neutral
He’s black.. why would he hang confederate flag,neutral
"I keep reading that Texas would go blue if even a portion more Dems would get out to vote.  Why aren't they?  It can't all be voter suppression, can it?",neutral
TX and FL are white whales and not to be chased until 350 Electoral Votes are already secured.,positive
Only hope for Texas and Florida is women and young people who are pro choice and are against any Republican.,positive
The WolvesOfReddit subreddit awaits thee.,positive
"I think this is less about Trump's declining popularity and more about the Democratic Party finally making a smart move to remove a very unpopular candidate just in time for the election. And even now, Harris is shooting herself in the foot by sliding to the right of Biden on some issues, because the corporate Dems love to habitually take the left for granted while trying to appease those on the right.",positive
Many young voters turned eligible to vote in past 4 years... they could decide the election.,neutral
I'll still be happy with that at least,positive
"NC and numerous other GOP-controlled states are hopelessly gerrymandered at this point, so aside from the US presidency, US Senate, and a handful of statewide positions (governor, attorney general, etc.), it’s unlikely that we’ll see substantive change anytime soon.",negative
"I totally get that. I’m in the Charlotte suburbs myself, so things aren’t really hardcore MAGA here.",neutral
"He's a Democrat, so he's happy about that.

As a North Carolinian, I doubt Kamala wins here, but given how unpopular the Republican candidate for Governor is, there might be a possibility.",positive
We’ll do our best!,positive
"Yep, guilty as charged!",negative
"That, and the fact that both Trump and Mark Robinson (NC’s LT Gov) are doing everything possible to alienate swing voters gives me lots of hope!",positive
Trumps’s been too obnoxiously toxic to carry NC I’m hoping.,negative
"Casual friend of the pod here.  I donated as soon as Kamala became the nominee, but just signed up to volunteer with VSA for the first time ever.  Thanks for the nudge!",positive
"If she wins Florida or let alone Texas, there’s simply no other path to 270 for Trump, state correlations be damned.",negative
She could win NC and lose PA because of the sheer amount of money Trump is devoting to PA,positive
"Yeah, the one thing that seems consistent is that when people turn up to vote in larger numbers it’s favorable for Democrats… so hopefully that is what happens.",positive
Polls are tough to really gauge now-a-days. Younger voters tend to ignore any calls or texts from strange numbers. So who knows,negative
"Even from that POV, it's nuts. 

I don't care if it's Arizona or Alabama, the notion that half of any state thinks Trump belongs anywhere other than retirement home or prison, let alone the goddamn oval office is maddening.",negative
I'm pretty sure 2016 was pretty close.,positive
They were both razor close though so…?,neutral
"Having a complete deadweight brick of a governor candidate ain’t doing the GOP any favors either, haha. Robinson is a disaster.",neutral
"Yeah idk. This time last cycle Biden was up against Trump in the NC polls and he went even further up as cycle went ahead. Kamala is below Trump in the NC polls. Not saying that it's not possible, I just don't see it easily haha",positive
Robinson just needs just enough votes to take away from Trump to sink him and Trump to give Kamala the state.,neutral
Mo Green built Las Vegas!!  Who better to be the Super Nintendo!,positive
"WI and MI are technically swing states too, and they fit that same criteria as NV.",positive
Nevada is notoriously difficult to poll.,negative
"> If she wins WI, MI, & NC, she still has to win NV.

I don't think that's accurate https://www.270towin.com/maps/1VXY7",positive
https://www.270towin.com/maps/1VXY7,neutral
They're pretty good friends apparently,positive
You are right. Mistakely had MI going red. Thought that didn't seem correct.,neutral
Keep your fingers crossed for Wisconsin - I live here and it’s starting to slip backward.,neutral
"Nevada looks basically tied rn. 

https://www.realclearpolling.com/polls/president/general/2024/nevada/trump-vs-harris",neutral
NV is a toss up. MI and WI very slightly lean Harris.,neutral
"And 269 is the area code OH MY GOD, 269 is the area code to St Joseph, MI! Code Michigan!",positive
Doesn't Georgia break late for Dem's with absentee ballots?,negative
"Also, Harris and the Dems have put together a huge legal team to get right on top of it.",positive
Ok so I admit I have had two glasses of wine and I'm not sure I understand all the things you said but I am hopeful because it sounds smart and good!  hahaha.  And I'm hopeful because Mark Elias is on it with a team of attorneys to stop these shenanigans all over the country.  And if we know about the interference going on in Georgia because we have been reading about it on reddit for months then we can be sure these good Americans are well informed about these efforts and also the ones we don't know about.,positive
"PA is blue. Not worried even for a minute. The women will be out in higher counts than the “pollsters” could even think of.  Sure, in public, the women will be demure, but get them behind that curtain and it will be  our Karen Voting league all the way all day. Their husbands, boyfriends, fathers, and other men in their lives will never know.

It will be a good thrashing.",positive
Technically not:  realclearpolitics right now has her winning despite a predicted loss in PA and NC (her winning NV and GA to make up for it),positive
You been to PA recently?,neutral
I'm in W. MI and I agree. No enthusiasm for Trump here this time around and he needs to win big over here to make up for the east side of the state. Kent Co. Gets more and more blue every year so that is a big lift for him.,positive
I'm dubious of Nate Silver this cycle. Big time.,negative
Northern lower here. Anecdotally there seems to be far fewer Trump yard signs this year. Could be increased shame or quieter support.,negative
Yup. That dude is a nut case,neutral
NC doesn’t have that this year. So him being toxic and being the equivalent of voting for an abortion ban is hopefully enough,negative
Because he’s a fanatic MAGA piece of trash. He’s only black when he needs to be,neutral
"I honestly don't know. 


I live in Texas, in a heavily blue area. I've never had an issue voting if I do it early. We have 2 weeks of early voting including weekends. I've never waited more than 15 minutes. The voting place has tons of parking, no one being scary outside. 


I've never tried on the actual day though. 


I commented this on another post and someone said they didn't early vote because they always procrastinate and that it is impossible to vote day of, lines are long, it's during a work day. I get that, but it's crazy to me that people don't do the vote early thing. ",negative
"It must be disillusionment; living in Texas, it would be hard not to feel marginalized unless you happen to live in a liberal bastion. With how big the state is, that leaves a lot of ambivalent voters that think there's no point even though they want change.",negative
"From what I hear, it's a mix of dems not really trying that much in Texas and a general feeling from dems in Texas that their vote doesn't matter. I imagine both of those causes a self fulfilling prophecy where they cause each other to become real. But Texas has been swinging more and more blue with each election, if it continues at the current trajectory, it'll become a swing state in 2032.",positive
I don't know because it seems like Georgia has more voter suppression yet it's having a much easier time transitioning to a purple state.,positive
"It’s a myth that Texas is a white whale-an extra quarter of already registered Dems needed to show up in 2020 to turn it blue
https://www.instagram.com/reel/C8xb_ElvQuy/?igsh=dXc4Z3M5MXczNXk2",neutral
"The thing is, we have to try every election year in those states because we have to continue to build our ground game and get people registered. They are the second and third largest states in the country, we are not simply taking them without serious effort.

Unfortunately, this means a ton of work every election year that always results in a broken heart",positive
How'd NC State win over UNC?,positive
Absolutely right unfortunately. Hopefully Robinson is nowhere near the office.,positive
"I'm pretty rural and for the most part I love the people, but I recently had a patient that was Trumped out from head to toe... her hat, shirt, bag, socks... the works. I don't understand why anyone would support him, but a woman no less! I suppose the boomers are past reproductive age so they don't care about stuff like that but still... I'm hopeful for a future in which my daughter isn't treated as inferior to men!",positive
Ok thank you,positive
TX and FL are white whales and not to be chased until 350 Electoral Votes are already secured.,positive
"Nah, it's all the same people

We aren't super different state by state in national elections anymore, if she wins NC it's going to be a bloodbath for trump

These fantasy maps where Harris wins NC and Michigan but loses Virginia and PA are nutty, it's not going ro happen like that imo",positive
"Not quite. Those effects have only been in special elections -- which bring out the angriest voters overwhelmingly -- and mid-term elections -- which tend to say little, if anything about the immediately following presidential election. Presume the polls are spot on and VOTE!!!",negative
"This has actually turned around in recent years due to education polarization, which worries me about the presidential election.",negative
"Polls get volatile when there are lots of newly registered voters. There are metric fuck ton of new registrations after Harris got the nom. Polls aren’t capturing any of that. If these people vote, it’ll be a rout.",negative
Most of us with iPhones don’t even have to ignore the calls because they don’t even ring through! It’s my favorite feature it just sends unknown numbers straight to voicemail. I haven’t answered a spam call in years. ,negative
Pollsters use a multi-modal approach to account for this fact in their calculations; presume the polls are accurate until proven otherwise.,neutral
This is what gives me the most hope for NC: Robinson is a lunatic. Anything that can give Republicans here a reason to stay home on election day is gonna help.,positive
"Yea I know WI and MI are technically swing states but I haven’t seen them actually swing or anywhere close to swinging in polls ever since Harris was more or less confirmed as the candidate for the Dems (the same cannot be said for Nevada), I think it’s safe to say if WI and MI or even just either of them goes red we‘re beyond cooked so realistically the states I named will be key.",positive
"Non-American - is Michigan pure blue ? In my head it's a very blue collar state, and also high black population ? Not very rural. But obviously Detroit is the first thing that comes to mind.",neutral
I’m in NC and outside of the cities it IS backwards. But we have a massive rural population and they love to vote against their best interests.,positive
"Soooo many Trump signs showing up again. I had hopes they wouldn’t, but here we are.",positive
"Hey, from but years removed, I have to know. How can hunters, farmers, general outdoorsman, veterans (I am) fall for this grifter? I know people who fly maga flags. I don’t want to believe they are THAT stupid. Is it, can it, truly just be that they drink network news?",negative
"Rasmussen and InsiderAdvantage are both trash polls that should be ignored. Plus that link you shared is missing the most recent Times/YouGov poll, which is +3 Kamala

https://www.270towin.com/2024-presidential-election-polls/nevada",negative
Pollsters are historically terrible at accurately polling Nevada. You should follow Jon Ralston. If he panics about NV then you know Harris might lose it. Until he comments it's best not to get worked up about any of the polls there.,negative
"Maybe, maybe not. The fact remains these four facts still apply.",neutral
God but I hope you’re right!,positive
I pray you are right.,positive
"Historically, Trump always outperforms the polls. In 2020 Biden was averaging 4.7 in PA by Election Day, but only won by 1.17. Maybe things are different this year, but I’m not going to feel at ease about PA unless Harris starts polling 5 points ahead or until the election is called. 

https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/polls/president-general/2020/pennsylvania/",positive
That’s the prayer. Hopefully the pain in the ass republicans state senate having tried to specify our lack of right to abortion and the “pro life dem” Casey actively supporting the right to abortion now is enough to bring us out.,negative
I am and there aren't nearly the amount of signs for trump there were four years ago.  Not even 50% of the signs that mastriano had.,neutral
"While I’m not sure they’ll actually vote for Harris, I do believe a lot of disillusioned republicans might sit this one out. At least the ones that are paying attention enough to hear him shift his talking points practically mid sentence",negative
I’m noticing more Kamala signs here in Ottawa County which is encouraging,positive
The shine on that turd has definitely faded.,positive
Why?,neutral
The numbers are changing.  I think people are ashamed of the fact they just want Trump regardless for the white supremacy he promises.,neutral
"I heard the same thing from other people in many states. I think the voters he got to vote for the first time are getting tired of the act and might just stay home even though they say they still support him, the enthusiasm isn't there. Admitting he lost won't help.",negative
Same in red areas of the PNW. It was resplendent out there all the way to 2020 😂 it gives me great hope. ,positive
"My Ozark cousin who was all in on the trump train in 2017 came to visit recently. I asked kind of jokingly if he still liked trump. He looked at me dead serious and said “cuz, we made a huge mistake. My brother had all the trump flags and signs all over his trailer. Dad made him take it down and burn it. We really fucked up on that one after all that,” he said. These are men in their 50s in Arkansas. They aren’t alone. ",negative
"Idk. I was watching an interview with a woman who does focus groups, and ahw said ""Teump supporters are still not the silent majority.. they're still super vocal."" Im hoping she's right. 


I also think if you're less enthusiastic about Trump you're probably not going ro answer a poll because that would be like admitting g a mistake.",positive
How unpopular is he,neutral
I usually vote the day of - I just like the 'old school' feel of voting on election day. I've done this in Austin for at least 5 elections and never waited longer than 15 minutes (across multiple different locations).,positive
"Nick Powers actually broke the math down-it’s absolutely a myth of disillusionment 

https://www.instagram.com/reel/C8xb_ElvQuy/?igsh=dXc4Z3M5MXczNXk2",negative
Agreed!!!,positive
"Yea, 100%

They are both VERY expensive media markets as well. 

Each with multiple fairly large media markets.",positive
I don’t think any map has her losing Virginia. Losing PA and winning NC however is not outside the realm of possibility because it’s close in both states and it absolutely is possible for NC to go for Harris while PA goes for Trump.,negative
Literally incorrect. Biden had the biggest voter turn out in history. He won.,positive
"Interesting, do you have a source for that?",positive
Same with Android phones. My pixel either sends every new number to spam or Google answers asking the person to state their business and I get the text to speech.,negative
2022 polls predicted a red wave that didn’t happen.,neutral
[removed],neutral
"Michigander here, the state is purple, but with the recent changes of state legislature turning blue, the people of the state are finding themselves less enthused about republicans. Democrats are becoming more popular especially as union support and worker support in the state is beginning to do towards Harris even more. There is a significant part of the state that is rural, but majority of people live in the cities and suburbs.",positive
Most of the south is notorious for this,negative
I mean even rural California feels like Alabama in some places,positive
I moved from the northeast to a red county on purpose to vote blue. Fuck em.,negative
Same here!,neutral
Signs don't vote.,neutral
"And remember, in many areas people are afraid (or just don’t want to argue with cultists) to put out a Harris/Walz sign. Just because you don’t see the signs, doesn’t mean they don’t get the votes. 

In fact, I read that the search terms “can people find out who I voted for?” is a very common google search. So, even on those Trump lawns there may be at least one cancelling vote in there.",negative
"I really don’t know.   I was out of the country for 20 years myself and it’s a different state than the one I left.  The only thing I actually hear from people is that they “don’t know her well enough” and the socialism bit, which is a hopeless point to discuss.   I was in Canada, so I get written off on that front.  

I think the veteran part is especially confusing.   He’s been flagrantly despicable. ",negative
They ARE that stupid. Old people voting for the guy who wants to gut social security- their only source of income.,negative
"The thing about grifters and con men is that they function essentially like a cult. The goal is to make you interested, ""buy in,"" and then become really reluctant to disbelieve the person who's taken control. For cult members, logical reasoning from outside perspectives doesn't work - they have to be shown evidence that they trust which allows them to question the leadership. Dr Steven Hassan was recently on the David Pakman Show and discussed what lead him from leaving the Unification Church cult where he was a fairly high ranking member. He was approached several times by people asking about what leader Sun Myung Moon had said ina  speech to Congress. He asked other church members and they showed Steven a transcript of the statements, which included Moon talking about how ""Americans were too smart to be brainwashed by a Korean."" In private, in front of Steven Hassan, Moon had repeatedly talked about how Americans were some of the stupidest people in the world and were easily manipulated. This was the first really big crack in Steven's cult belief, because it was direct evidence that Sun Myung Moon was willing to explicitly lie directly to people's faces about the Unification Church's actions and beliefs. And that crack eventually lead to him leaving the Church.",positive
"Because people who grow up in rural areas are isolated from the rest of society and more prone to fear the unknown, which includes minorities and any issues relevant to urban areas. As such, they are very gullible to right wing propaganda.

I've spoken to folks from the mid-west whose vision of modern day New York City is frozen in time from the 1970s when the city was falling apart and had crazy high crime rates. When I tell them that walking around Manhattan today feels almost like a mall or a theme park and that you can walk the streets late at night with little concern, they think I'm lying.",negative
[deleted],neutral
"Realclearpolitics was the closest aggregate polling site in 2020 by a decent margin and even then (and even with their right wing polls included), they still learned left of what actually happened.  So I disagree with what you’re implicating here",negative
Interesting. Thanks for the tip!,positive
Historically is only based on 2 elections - by random chance there was a 50% chance a single parties candidate would overperform in both.,positive
"There's still a lot (and almost no Harris signs), but noticeably fewer than in 2020, especially on public property.",negative
"He now works for Peter Theil, making him to be questioned in the eyes of some. to me, the question is whether or not he has improved the model he took when he left 538.",negative
"He's taken a good chunk of money to work for a betting company that has a lot of financial ties to Peter Thiel. There has been a lot of commentary that his models have been skewing to favor Trump lately. It's not difinitive but it definitely makes me look elsewhere for reliable polling data and analysis.

538 though still has decent models and analysis. They've hired very reputable statisticians since Silver left.",positive
Or people just don't feel a need to put up a sign while enthusiasm otherwise remains high?,positive
Can we just replicate that realization into all rural areas of battleground states. Please and thanks.,positive
He has been quoted as saying “some people need killing” and advocating for a zero week abortion ban while reports of his nigh-chronic porn use and his wife’s abortion come out.,negative
About as unpopular as a porcupine in a balloon factory would be!,neutral
"Huge hypocrite. Zero week abortion ban, culling LGBTQ folk, and other crazy shit. He has down a great job of getting women in this state to vote. Most polls I’ve seen have Stien up by almost 10 points",negative
"Democrats, Independents, and sane people hate him because he is a psycho.

MAGA hates him because he's black.",negative
Polling in the low 30%s,negative
"Last time I checked, he was down 10 points in the polls. He's widely hated out of his diehard supporters in the state.",negative
"The NC GOP is essentially running Clayton Bixby from ""Chappelle Show"".",neutral
"Plus, he has a history of anti-semitic rhetoric, anti-female rhetoric, and made fun of school shooting victims.  He is the worst",negative
And pollsters adjusted their models based on this data.,neutral
"I still believe in AZ. Only the most casual and uninformed care about Kelly not being vp. Abortion rights is still very much on voters’ minds here, and I think AZ goes to Harris.",positive
"The good thing is we don’t really need AZ, atleast not as long as we have NV, either of them is needed to ensure that winning GA or NC alone gets us to 270, even if PA falls, without either of them that’s not possible, but at the same time winning both of them while not winning any of the major three East Coast states is useless. I think the likeliest path to victory is still just WI/MI/PA and maybe NV go blue, rest goes red, problem is if it’s actually something like WI/MI/PA blue and rest red then it’s a 270 - 268 and with the SCOTUS being corrupt and all MAGA is gonna fight that 2 vote margin to death and I‘m scared to see what happens then..",negative
South Dakota checking in.,neutral
"Suburban NYer here, there are definitely a lot of Trump signs and flags around",positive
Especially with all the trump signs on CA198. Kings County is Alabama lite,neutral
The state with the most Trump voters is California.,neutral
Can confirm: born and raised in Alabama; California since early 2000s.,neutral
Alabama with like 30 million more Latinos.,positive
That is really taking one for the team! Thank you!,positive
Thank you for your sacrifice.,positive
"This is true, but those signs are indicative of a trend in enthusiasm for a candidate. It's obviously not a 1:1 comparison, but it shouldn't be ignored.",positive
"Yep. And I drive past a lot of low density areas, so I just tell myself that land doesn’t vote, people do. 

It still sucks to see so many though.",negative
"*""I don't know her well enough.""*

**He's** been convicted of 34 felonies.

He's a sex predator, a narcissist, and a compulsive liar.

He contributed to election fraud in 2020.

He helped incite the January 6 riot that resulted in multiple deaths.

These are not just reasons to *not* vote for him, but they're all the reasons you need to vote for whoever is running *against* him.",negative
"She is funded by the Kremlin,  hatred makes complete sense",negative
"eh. Stein or whoever, it doesn't matter who it is. A certain percentage of the population is determined to vote 3rd party. Just pretend they aren't voting at all. They're lost to sense.",positive
You need to take a statistics course.,neutral
"Maybe it’s just me, but generally I don’t see Democrats advertise as hard as Republicans do when it comes to signs in the yard. Mostly because it’s not our whole personality. My parents are as blue as blue can be, donating to Harris and everything, but never once have they put a sign in their yard",negative
"I actually saw a number of Harris signs this evening.  Anyway, I think part of the lack of Harris signs is that Harris is relatively new on the campaign.  Plus, like the other commenter said, maga makes trump their whole personality.  Dems don't feel like it's some tribal affiliation to be shoved in everyone's face (ie f your feelings crowd)",negative
"I'm out in the sticks in Bucks County and multiple places down the street have put up Harris signs, which surprised me because it's usually only Republican signs around my area. There are a lot of Trump signs, of course, but it does say a lot to me that there are any Harris signs at all.",positive
"I think I saw about 2 Harris signs, but the houses are starting to put up their Trump signs again (now updated to include Vance). Earlier this weekend, while I was driving on route 30, I saw about 3 electronic billboards flashing Trump 2024 ""Trump brings people together"" messages on my way to Phoenixville.",neutral
I’m pretty excited about Harris and you’d never catch a sign in my yard or on my car. They’re politicians not sports teams.,positive
"I’m seeing more Harris ones each day. My current favorite I walk by to work and it says “Harris/walz, obviously”",positive
"I mean Silver's point still stands.

Each state isn't a vacuum. If NC goes blue, it means Kamala's messaging has resonated with voters that previously voted for Trump. And it's likely to work on GA, PA, NV, WI, MI, and AZ too.",neutral
When have they ever been like that?  I mean seriously that isn’t what they act like.,positive
Porn use is an under-sell.  He's the guy the showed up at the porn story 5 nights a week and brought a pizza.,neutral
"He also says that if pride month is allowed, then white month should be allowed too.

He is black btw.",positive
"Imagine a drunken, mangy cat had been given caffeine, dragged through a septic tank, then tossed onto the bride at a wedding.

Mark Robinson is *worse*. He's nuttier than squirrel shit.",negative
Don't get overconfident. We went Trump - Cooper - Robinson in 2020.,neutral
But is the hatred enough to drive people to the polls who normally wouldn’t vote?,negative
Pre-Trump I’d say that is a down and up ballot disaster,negative
The casual and uninformed sadly make up a big part of voters. But abortion definitely should be enough to save it,positive
Trump signs have always outnumbered the Democratic nominee's signs here in NH by a decent margin. He's never won the state.,positive
"Yes it does, I would think more people would have seen behind the curtain (wizard of OZ reference) and saw a tired, grumpy, old conman by now. 

I’d prefer thinking that it’s only countries funneling money to him that are buying his “magic” digital AI pictures online, but I know that way to many MAGA people have made *HIM* their whole identity and they just can’t quit.",neutral
Completely agree.  It’s infuriating ,negative
Keep enjoying that 2 party system. ,positive
Go on please.,positive
Also that republicans aren’t faced with neighborly danger and threats when they advertise *their* political views.,negative
Mostly because people don't like providing violent psychopaths with targets.,positive
My dad ordered his sign 2 weeks ago and got a message saying his order was delayed due to high demand.,negative
Billboards in the middle of nowhere preaching to the choir.,neutral
All his lawyers seem to meet up in jail… so the sign is right.,neutral
"The house next to the gun store that usually has vague threats on its digital sign put up 2 Harris signs on Saturday. 

They're similar to the Shepard Fairey Obama ""Hope"" posters, but are of a cat. They're pretty cool.",positive
That's totally fair. I guess my warning is more for his predictive models. I wouldn't trust the data he's presenting. Interpretations of trends however seem less dangerous since they are presented as objective to a certain degree.,negative
I said nigh-chronic.,neutral
Has he not heard of the Internet?,neutral
Voting as soon as I can and getting as many of my friends to do so as well,positive
that's never a question even worth asking because it can't be answered,positive
"exactly!  but not in this timeline, unfortunately..",negative
"Which is why I said it was obviously not a 1:1 comparison. My guess is if you started seeing more signs or fewer signs than you did in prior years, you would see a higher or lower rate of turnout, respectively. Again, it might end up being a tiny change, but I'm just saying that enthusiasm can be identified in multiple ways, and a multitude of signs can indicate that the candidate will perform better than a candidate with no visible enthusiasm.",positive
"Also, Harris-Walz signs are backordered rn. My dad got a text last week saying they're having a hard time meeting demand (because they only use union printers) and there will be a delay for a lot of those who do choose to advertise.",negative
"I heard this was 20 years ago, but even back then, he could have at least just rented it.

However, the pizza thing is weird as hell and is kinda gross when you think about it.",negative
"I disagree. At some point you can kind of tell that the hatred and disapproval is palpable, at a level where people are going to do *something*.",negative
"I think the main reason for seeing them pop up (and most are without the Vance name) is due to our county fair, and state fair, giving them out relatively easily.",positive
"Hate to tell you this, but porn on the internet is a bit more than twenty years old.",negative
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
">PHILADELPHIA (Sept. 4, 2024) – Today, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) announced $23.8 million in Small Watershed grants to support Chesapeake Bay Watershed restoration efforts. $11.6 million of the funding awarded is funded by the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law (BIL) and $9.3 via regular annual appropriations. This program is currently administered by the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation (NFWF) through a grant from EPA’s Chesapeake Bay Program Office. The 56 grant awards will support water quality improvement, habitat restoration, and community stewardship efforts in the Chesapeake Bay watershed. In total, the grants will leverage $12.8 million in matching contributions to generate a total conservation impact of $36.6 million.

>The grants were awarded through the Small Watershed Grants (SWG) program, a key funding mechanism of the federal-state Chesapeake Bay Program (CBP) partnership designed to support projects within the Chesapeake Bay watershed that promote voluntary, community-based efforts to protect and restore the diverse and vital habitats of the Chesapeake Bay and its tributary rivers and streams. Major funding for these awards is provided by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, with additional support provided by the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Natural Resources Conservation Service, U.S. Forest Service, and Altria Group.

>The SWG program is administered under NFWF’s Chesapeake Bay Stewardship Fund (CBSF), in partnership with CBP and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). The CBSF is an ongoing 25-year partnership between NFWF and other federal and private funders that provides grant funding, technical assistance, networking and information sharing programming in support of local, on-the-ground conservation and restoration efforts to restore the Chesapeake Bay watershed.  
...  

Partial list of recipients in the press release, full list in a link at the bottom. Statement from EPA Regional Administrator Adam Ortiz:

>""Investments such as these are paramount to ensuring progress across the Bay and in all sectors,” said EPA Regional Administrator Adam Ortiz. “We are proud to work with our partners and fund these projects to make a difference in the restoration of the Bay watershed.""

Statement from Martha Shimkin, Director of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s Chesapeake Bay Program Office:

>""We are proud to fund these projects, which will support restoration of ecosystems throughout the Bay watershed,” said Martha Shimkin, Director of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s Chesapeake Bay Program Office. “From blue crabs to brook trout, we are focusing on restoring and conserving our living resources that are both important to the local economy and our region’s natural heritage. The work to protect and restore our waterways is a true community effort and through these conservation projects, we can continue to build on our current momentum.”",positive
Watch out cause here comes Omega,neutral
"Didn't this happen in ""House of Cards""?",neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"Before every debate, each candidate wants to raise expectations for their opponent and lower them for themselves. You want the public to expect to be wowed by the other guy and think ""well, they did what they could"" about you. That way (hopefully) there's no way they can live up to expectations and no way you can fall short of yours.

And I swear to god, the reddit political subs fall for it every time.

All I'm seeing here is how Kamala is going to crush and embarass Trump, and how Trump's going to struggle to not shit himself and cry or drop N-bombs or something. The same shit as before the first debate with Biden.

Yes, she's a former prosecutor and probably well prepared. Yeah, he's a weirdo who rambles incoherently. But all this sub is doing (and the media at large) is setting their expectations at a harder and harder level for Harris to possibly reach, and making it easier and easier to just hand-waive away a terrible performance by Trump.

This is *exactly* what the Trump campaign wants. They're probably the ones behind a fair number of the leaks that Trump is worried about bombing the debate. Their goal (and every campaign's goal) is always to lower expectations for their candidate and raise them for the opposition.",neutral
She's a trained and seasoned prosecutor. This is her arena and she's had 8 years to learn Trump's bullshit. I'm not worried.,negative
"I don’t care what happens tomorrow, but I get that this debate isn’t for me, or pretty much anyone on this sub. I’m ready right now for madam president.",positive
"This submission source is likely to have a soft paywall. If this article is not behind a paywall please report this for “breaks r/politics rules -> custom -> ""incorrect flair"""". [More information can be found here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/index/#wiki_paywalls)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",positive
"Not gonna diss her qualifications, but she was smoked during the primary debate. And if she wasn't debating a senile fascist rotten lima bean, I don't think she would look so great.",negative
"Exactly.  I've been saying this for so long....  the bar of what is ""good"" in the eyes of the public is very different for these two.   Trump can do just about anything because that's the expectation.   If she has a slightly off night, is tired, is...anything other than perfect, it will be called out and it will count against her.",positive
"True. But, it isn’t just that is it. Trump is always graded on a curve. Everyone fucking knows it. I believe secretly people want to see his trash taken out to the bin. Thats is why people hype up the opponent. 

People want to see Trump fail in real time like they want to see the curtain pulled away from the wizard. Mostly because they are too lazy to see the trail of destruction that has already been established. 

In school he was a terrible student but he got pushed through because of his family’s money. He lost all the money from the businesses his father handed him and banks kept giving him money. In his real estate business, he didn’t create shit he bought in on deals to stick his name on. Any of the other deals for non real estate like his steaks, airline, vodka, even university were all basically licensing deals and he fucked them up.  His books all ghostwritten fake drivel. 

The Apprentice. Also sported a made up facade of opulence and success because trump was a dated hot mess.

Yet in all these instances regardless of how shit they were they were perceived as successes borne of his ingenuity. Any failures were attributed to others. They willingly bought his lines and graded the rich white dude on a curve as a chit they may need to cash later for a favor.

There’s two outcomes.
1. Trump won’t shit his pants and they’ll say he won
2. Trump will shit his pants and they’ll blame Vice President Harris for beating up on a poor demented elderly benevolent soul that ran the score up on a man with well documented mental health issues so she is a mean arrogant angry mixed race black angry childless woman",negative
"Another thing I dont think a lot of people are taking into account is that the orange man is about to spend ninety long minutes effectively out of reach from his campaign staff, with a constant negative force being pressed against him. I'd be surprised if he didn't find a way to fail harder than he already is",negative
Why couldn’t she debate her way to any votes in 2020?,neutral
Because people had already decided on Biden and primary debates mean very little. Anymore brain busters?,neutral
"It wasn't just Harris vs Biden. No one saw Obama coming in 2008, nor Trump in 2016.

Primaries are not at all like generals, and neither are the debates. She did well against Pence in the VP debate in 2020. But I'm sure you won't give her credit for that.",negative
"You’re cherrypicking exceptions from out of her years of experience to prove your point, bravo. u very smrt /s",neutral
To think people believed Republicans rig their own primaries.,negative
Why not just eliminate primaries altogether if the “people” decided,neutral
You tell me.,neutral
"Honestly we should remove primaries, go to a ranked voting system in the general election, and create an environment for more parties. Let the party leadership pick their nominee and then let people vote among many parties and options. When people bellyache about not having an open primary process for Kamala I just roll my eyes and wonder why we have a primary in the first place. If you don’t like who the Republican or Democratic Party picked as their nominee, then start to canvas and promote a third party that is viable at a national level because it has been built from the ground up at the local level.",positive
Must be a democracy thing.,neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"Just like all the examples of ""grown men come up to me with tears streaming down their faces, saying 'sir!'."" 

Except this actually happened.",positive
"Here is the video:

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rfbr4U90nQE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rfbr4U90nQE)",neutral
"Ah, if only Kamala had the warmth and wit of JD in a Donut shop, the race would be over.",positive
"Right away I noticed how Kamala's kindness and reassurance comes so naturally, especially with a stranger.
It's generally easy to notice when it's rehearsed, scripted and/or mechanical. 

That hug is what we all need to know everything will be OK.",positive
Hey! Donald could post a video of him embracing a crying woman any time he wants. They'll be crying for different reasons but crying nonetheless.,negative
"Isn’t this what we need in our leadership?

Someone who’s empathetic, for the people, with the people, and in our corner…

Versus someone who’s said he’s a dictator, a convicted felon, sexual assaulter, and a sower of discord and chaos.",negative
"When there's a 50% chance you're about to be living under the thumb of a Christofascist dictatorship and the best person who can possibly prevent that is standing right in front of you, it's pretty easy to break down.

We must save our country, together, or we *will* lose it forever. Harris / Walz 2024.",positive
"Kamala Harris seems so genuine and down to earth in this touching video. This isn’t campaigning, it’s humanity.",neutral
That’s a leader.,neutral
"One candidate comforts crying women, the other creates them.",positive
This is so normal that I have tears in my eyes. I truly despise what the MAGA movement has done to our country. I hope we can go back to caring about each other and working towards improving the system for everyone. Toxic partisan politics and infinite money helps no one aside from the ultra wealthy. Let’s go Kamala!!,positive
"God that looks like my mom. She’s just shattered that the country she loves has gotten so toxic and moved so far backwards. 

When she watched mad men, she would always say that that’s how it actually was. Women were treated like shit not so long ago. We’ve come so far and for older women like this to see us going backwards is just heartbreaking. 

I could feel that emotion.",negative
If it were Trump he’d be fondling the crying woman. Just sayin,negative
"The fact that this was in a Penzey's store is the cherry on the sundae.

For those out of the know, Penzey's is an excellent spice company headquartered in Milwaukee, WI. The owner Bill is so openly anti-Republican he send out emails with subject lines like ""Re-Indicted And It Feels So Good!"" that features a 50% discount on their Justice seasoning blend, and there's a whole section of their website dedicated to shaming Republicans for their complicity in selling out America [https://www.penzeys.com/shop/about-republicans/](https://www.penzeys.com/shop/about-republicans/).",positive
I'm sure the Magats will try to spin it into some anti-lesbian weirdness.,positive
Glad to see kindness and warmth can “trend”.,positive
"I try not to get too excited for a politician but something feels different with her. Especially since that orange goon has been the headline for almost the last decade. Biden, god love him, but he just wasn’t getting it done any more. The constant gaffes, the fact that he visually looked like he was ready for a nap at any given point, and the fact that Trump absolutely had his number, was just infuriating.

I am more hopeful now than I had been with any other presidential candidate in my lifetime. When it was announced that Kamala was going to be gunning for the nomination, it was like all the negativity that had been building for the democrats this year got completely flipped on its head and she set the country on fire (in a good way, that is).

I’ve never been more excited to vote. I voted for Biden out of necessity, I will vote for Kamala because I believe she can make some change.",positive
"The hug with the woman was nice but the best part of the video, for me, was the awe in the eyes of the young girls who got to meet VP Harris. What an incredible roll model for them.",positive
"*I’m scared*

Woof, I don’t know why that cut me so deep this morning.",negative
I am so ready for an emotionally intelligent President,positive
I saw this live on the news yesterday and it was so heartwarming and I did think-wow-that is nothing that Trump would do. And I have been trying to think if we have ever seen trump mingle with people in a store or restaurant that isn’t at his golf club?  I can’t think of any time. But…the whole time Harris was hugging and taking selfies with her admirers and watching the woman crying and others talking a few inches from her face…the only thing I worried about was I hoped none of them have COVID or the flu and get Kamala sick so she performs terribly during the debate. It is nice that Kamala does that but a whole lot of people are dealing with COVID right now. She cannot afford to get sick.,negative
"The amount of empathy and Joy Kamala Harris radiates is one of her best qualities, amongst many others! Lets vote Blue all the way folks so our country and move forward with Joy at the top!",positive
"I’m a 52 yr old white male. I watched that video live, teared-up, and believe it was genuine and sincere. That’s who I want leading the country. Full stop.",positive
"You never see the actual video on these links. Wtf

https://youtu.be/Rfbr4U90nQE?si=ADQ-iqY1GIx8g5Br",negative
A little bit of empathy goes a long way. Cynics will see it as calculated. Bravo to Harris for going with her gut instinct to embrace a fellow human overwhelmed with emotion.,positive
"Everyone is so overwhelmed with genuine emotion. Real people, scared about their futures under a conservative dictatorship. She better win.",positive
That was one of those good hugs. The ones where after getting it you feel like you lost weight cause they helped push something out. Plus she went in for the follow up hug just because the woman needed it. Trump could never.,positive
People with functioning brains understand that people like Kamala Harris actually want to help the middle class.,positive
"I was all on board with Walz, not personally enthused as much as others on Kamala but still smiling ear to ear that it seems like sanity's finally returning.

This won me, you can't fake that, even if you're 100% cynical and like 'hah! spotted a crier, free points!' the way she breaks down her concern, shows her she hears her, and positively redirects... that's not 'teachable,' that's something you learn and understand by seeing it and caring about it in others.  That's something you end up 'knowing' only by experiencing it and appreciating it.  

That's noble.  That's important.  We're not going back.",positive
"Penzeys Spices, the place the video was shot, is an absolutely amazing company. They sell excellent spices, blends and rubs of all kinds, plus they are 100% unabashedly liberal and Pro Democracy.

They have a website, support them if you can.",positive
It's nice to see leaders showing empathy in tough times.,positive
It’s the little things that can make a big difference.,neutral
"""Have you seen it? We're way ahead on the internet, we're - I hug women too, I have people who come up to me and say, Mr President, how are you so good at hugging crying women? Way ahead. Women hugging the internet, I love America and we're way ahead, we have tiktok people and crying hugging people. They say, we've never seen anything like it. Crying hugging the internet. Many people.""",positive
She looks way more comfortable than Hillary interacting with humans,positive
Harris is a class act.,neutral
"Man, this is how you talk to people. This is how you endear people to you. I really like Kamala Harris and hope she trounces Trump on November 9th.",positive
"I’m generally not one to tear up watching videos, but this one got me. It’s so fucking refreshing to see a leader who actually is a human being and cares!",positive
"Now can this sub finally acknowledge that Kamala is actually shaping up to be a pretty strong candidate, and that a significant portion of the excitement around her candidacy could be because people like her? (not only because she is simply ""not Trump"")

A lot of people here talk about how the Democrats are enthusiastic about her because we have no choice or just because they like her VP pick; but I feel that a lot of people actually realized she could make a great president. Also, she broke grassroots fundraising records for presidential candidates even before she announced Walz as her running mate; yet some people claim that if she wins it would only be because Walz carried her. In reality, Kamala's former career as a prosecutor gives her a ""law and order"" image that is probably quite helpful on it's own for winning over moderate swing-voters (many of whom rate crime or public safety as one of their top concerns behind the economy).",positive
"I like her. 

She’s giving her time to people who aren’t megadonors. She’s listening to them. She’s talking to them as fellow people. She hugs people and it’s not awkward. She knows policy specifics and takes an active interest in governance. She’s kind and steadfast, firm yet empathetic.",positive
You can slice this up a million ways but at the end of the day that crying woman is afraid of the future should the other guy win and the first words out of Harris’s mouth are “we’re going to be okay” - that’s empathy.,positive
"DJT when confronted by grieving Americans:

""Get over it""",negative
"I saw that live and honestly it was so REAL I couldn’t stop watching. She goes on to meet a young girl and her parents are there who are teachers. Kamala hugs the girl, then her mom, and you can tell the dad wants a hug so bad but instead Kamala just talks to him 😂 everyone wanted to get a Momala hug that day. ",positive
"“This woman walked up to me, with tears in hers eyes” somewhere trump is exploding ketchup bottles against the wall",negative
"Our country needs Kamala Harris’ leadership more than ever in the history of our great nation. Please, please vote. 💙💙💙",positive
Remember when everyone was saying Kamala wasn't charismatic enough to be president...,neutral
"I’m sure the MAGAts will either sexualize this, call it fake, or call that woman weak for crying",negative
"What would JD do with a moment like this, I wonder….

 “Oh, what’s this, why are you crying? Haven’t you got kids? Ok. How about you, young lady, are you planning to have kids someday? Ok. One or two? That’s great. Is that why you’re working? Ok. Hello little girl, how’s school? Do you hate your teachers? That’s great. What are we doing here? Where’s everybody’s husbands and fathers? Oh, they’re at home? That’s great.”",positive
"If she doesn't win, this country is broken beyond hope.",negative
"God... such a contrast between this, and the absolutely loathsome, joyless, creepy, inhuman, fascist psychopath on the other team. The difference is night and day.",negative
I’m in tears watching this. I have hope. As a Canadian I just have to stand by and wait with baited breath.,positive
Some Obama vibes I'm getting here.,neutral
A deserved plug.  Those of you who don’t use Penzeys Spices should.  Very high quality products from a company that has excellent societal values.  I use their stuff and love it.,positive
"Next Headline... ""This is why it's bad for Biden"" or some shit...",negative
Absolute joke. She didn’t even ask how long they’ve worked there. /s,positive
If Trump was caught embracing a woman she would be crying for a whole different reason.,negative
Oh look. A normal person having genuine human interactions with other normal people. Refreshing.,neutral
My eyes just started leaking,neutral
We all feel the same way as this woman,neutral
"This is why Kamala is such a great candidate and a great person. She has more warmth than I've ever seen in a politician. She speaks to everyone not like they're a voter, but like they're a dear friend. I love her so much for that. I would give anything to have a hug like that from Kamala",positive
"After all the selfishness, anger and division on the other person’s campaign it’s heart warming to see a human being with a sense of empathy for someone else campaigning to be President.",negative
Trump would've told that crying woman that she isn't the chosen one.,negative
"There are people who will see that and still think, ""nah, I'll vote for the rambling idiot."" 

This race should not even be close, but here we are.",negative
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.newsweek.com/video-kamala-harris-embracing-crying-woman-takes-off-online-1950376) reduced by 87%. (I'm a bot)
*****
> A video of Vice President Kamala Harris embracing a crying woman on Saturday in Pennsylvania, a critical battleground state amid this year&#039;s presidential election, has taken off online.

> In a video posted to X, former Twitter, user Julia Hamelburg shared a video of Harris meeting with locals at a small business in Pittsburg as she hugged a woman who began crying.

> &quot;Donald Trump could literally never. WATCH Kamala Harris steps out of debate prep in Pittsburgh to inspire the next generation, chat with voters, thank a teacher, and be a normal, wholesome person,&quot; Hamelburg wrote on X as she shared the video.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/1fc1bis/video_of_kamala_harris_embracing_crying_woman/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 2.02, ~693522 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Harris**^#1 **Trump**^#2 **President**^#3 **debate**^#4 **poll**^#5",positive
Kamala is so cute,positive
"Holy smokes this was a nice watch. So tired of the vitriol and hate. Smiles. The world needs more smiles and more hugs,",positive
Love Penzies for their spices and commitment to democracy over profit. She stopped there because the message from that company has always been the same.,positive
Come the hell on y'all!!! We almost put a flawed woman in the WH in 16. Won pop by 3mil. Kamala has much more going for than Hillary did. Let's get off our asses to save this country. MAGA has no desire to MAGA. Their agenda is Russias agenda.,negative
This is amazing. It feels so good to have such a caring and compassionate candidate who I don’t need to constantly make excuses for.,positive
"I love the conservatives in certain subreddits screeching about how this looks fakey or cringey, with zero self-awareness that the candidates they support for pres/VP can't even fake being ""fake personable"".",positive
Trump would've called her a crying loser and tell her to go make him a sandwich before shitting on the military or calling for blood filled streets. There's such a massive difference between candidates it's almost a comedy skit if it didn't impact all our lives. Conservatives are calling for the death of their countrymen while taking marching orders from Russian paid assets. How far the party has fallen.,negative
"Here. The video, direct link, no commentary: https://youtube.com/watch?v=Rfbr4U90nQE",negative
All Trump has to do is have his people post all of the videos of him showing empathy and compassion to people.  Oh wait a minute...,positive
"Actual human empathy. Far more genuine than Trump using the dead fireman's uniform on stage as a prop and giving it a smooch. In reality, you know Trump was glad it was him and that Trump doesn't give a single damn about anyone else.",negative
Trumps hugged plenty of women.  Some of them don’t even press charges.,positive
"Hey, Trump has embraced plenty of crying women, too! Mind you, him embracing them is the reason *why* they're crying...",negative
"An actual human. Acting with actual decency and compassion. 

GET OUT AND VOTE!!",positive
Reminder to shop at Penzy’s for all your spices! I love that Harris met voters in one of their shops. They have a great online store and are a super progressive brand.,positive
humanity man. i miss that shit. I miss empathy. i miss decency. I am voting for the lady.,negative
"A caring human being, she is wholesome.",positive
Trump would have mouthed a few Tiktacs and grabbed her by the p*ssy.,neutral
"Amazing how Harris and Walz have proven in just a few weeks that acting like a normal human person, with emotions and some modicum of caring for others, is like living in a foreign land that none of us has experienced in a decade or more.",positive
Y’all remember Humanity? Remember the notion that politics are actually trying to make real people’s lives better?,positive
"It feels really fucking nice to have a little hope. I swear, I never thought I’d see the day where America could unite behind a woman (and I’m only 34, how fucking jaded am I?) but Kamala Harris could do it.",positive
This is lovely.,positive
"That was just so NORMAL and wholesome...I cried. Watching those girls so star struck, looking up to and connecting with her, was beautiful.",neutral
"Not a US citizen but I watched the video and it seemed genuine to me, Kamala looked and sounded like she cared about that woman and came across as very warm and personable. 

That’s rare for a politician today.",positive
"I understand why she is crying. I’m from Appalachia not far from Pittsburgh and I just don’t understand why such kind and caring people who raised me in the community now justify everything Trump says and does. He does literally everything I was raised not to do by these people. It’s so bewildering and I feel like I don’t know any of these people anymore. Different politics views is one thing but admiration and a religious cult like fanaticism to a guy who has zero in common with my community is just so sobering. I’m actually getting emotional typing this just thinking about how distant I’ve grown from family and friends since 2016 when family and community was everything to me. 

To me, Kamala (children of immigrants) and immigrants embody the greatness of what America use to be - immigrants and many minority communities have an insanely strong sense of community. They call each other Auntie and Uncle even if they aren’t related by blood we are related by the human spirit. The idea of it takes a village to raise a child is a strong foundation in immigrant communities and white America has become so individualistic it’s tearing us apart. We’ve become so focused on ourselves we’ve adopted “the hell with everyone else” mentality. I’m a millennial who grew up in that old time, blue collar mentality where we all knew who was wealthy but the wealthy lived on the same block as everybody else. They paid their taxes - maybe not happily but they understood there was more to life than money. They understood community, neighbors, and a sense of belonging was more valuable than more tax breaks. Community was everything and now Trump and the GOP has divided us and compartmentalized so much it’s now an us against them mentality and it’s just so disheartening.

I’m voting for Kamala not because I agree with her on all the policies or because I think she is perfection. I’m voting for her because she still embodies the idea that we all are in it together. No matter religion, race, education, wealth, sexual identity. We all live together and work together and we are all aunties and uncles. We live in a period of profound loneliness in this country and while there are various reasons a big one is the grievance politics has alienated us from each other. The constant Fox News BS propaganda brainwashing everybody saying that the world is evil, your neighbors are evil and the churches also saying this make us all lonelier than ever. Trump and the GOP white grievance has broken me, honestly. So to the lady crying, I get it and thank you for that moment because it’s such a moral booster to see I’m not alone in that feeling.",negative
Adjudicated Rapist Donald Trump only touches his Chosen Ones. And leaves them to deal with the disgrace and trauma of it all.,negative
"Comment from the video on youtube: ""If you see trump embracing a crying woman, please help her escape from him""

[https://youtu.be/Rfbr4U90nQE?si=zvkySlZwmo6Aym-8](https://youtu.be/Rfbr4U90nQE?si=zvkySlZwmo6Aym-8)",positive
"Good lord, I'm feeling that lady who was crying. I'm scared too lady, but it is nice to hear Kamala's reassuring words. 

As a teacher, it's nice to hear her gratitude for teachers as well.

I can't wait to vote for her and Tim. Good people!",positive
The weirdos would say that it's wrong to cry.,negative
"Normal, opposite of weird.",negative
Wow.  A human.,positive
The picture with the little girl was so adorable. It was great to see so many different age groups supporting Harris is just this small clip.,positive
Tim Walz and Kamala Harris are making me think of going back to my first love fully-  teaching! You can touch so many lives by being a teacher!,positive
Imagine that. A real human connection.,neutral
What a beautiful human.,positive
Empathy for fellow human beings,neutral
I love this 😊 she seems so genuine.,positive
Time for Trump to start trying to kiss babies. It's going to be horrific,negative
"This is why she wins.

She is a decent human being reaching out in the moment to comfort another human being. 

TFG could and would never do this.",positive
watch him stage an imitation video in a few days.,neutral
I don't think I've ever seen Trump hug anybody.,positive
Touching moment that shows her empathy in action.,neutral
I love her so much,positive
Didn't even try to grab her by the P - does she know how to presidential candidate?!,neutral
Good God.  I love her so much.,positive
"Our bar is so low.  If only genuine compassion could be a mundane, run of the mill, everyday thing.  Fucking depressing.

VOTE",negative
The right wing trolls think it’s weird. What’s weird about them is that don’t know what the fuck real emotion is.,negative
"That's nothing I'm sure Trump has embraced many crying women over the years, hell many of them weren't even crying beforehand",negative
"This crying lady reminds me of my 78-year-old mother.


We live in Georgia, and my mom, a life-long Republican who never once considered voting for Trump, cries a lot these days.


She is the only one among her friends she's known for 60+ years who is not in the tank for Trump.


I sit with her at her dining-room table in her deep-red neighborhood and listen as she cries about ""I thought I KNEW them,"" and ""but these are GOOD people!""


She is so confused and depressed over how so many people of her generation seem to have abandoned both their moral compasses and their ability to think critically about anything. What has happened to these people, who she knows were raised with the same values she was, but now support a man who is the antithesis of those values?


Poor mom. I tell her, gently, that this was how I felt when I was a teen watching her vote for a party that I could see went against every value she taught me.


I'm so glad I became cynical and embittered as a 10-year-old, instead of living my whole life believing in something that turned out to be a sham.


I fervently pray that mom gets to see Kamala wipe the floor with Trump. I understand why that lady is crying.",positive
that made me smile. its nice having leaders that arent absolutely terrible human beings.,positive
Trump would never do anything like this. If he did try hugging someone it would be more awkward than Voldemort hugging Malfoy,positive
"Oh, no!  Trump’s gonna hug some poor woman now…",neutral
"Love how the maga people are trying to call her an actor. Watch the whole video. If she's an actor, she did a fantastic job of being a slightly goofy and very emotional grandma.",positive
We need compassion back.  Harris and Walz feel safe and it’s like Mom and Dad are here to protect us from the monster in the closet.,positive
"Actual empathy, which Trump and Vance are both incapable of.",negative
"I come to these threads to see how many times I find, “okay, good,” in the comments. Never fails to make me laugh.",positive
"President Trump (or his handlers), if you’re reading this I’m willing to play part of crying person to be lovingly consoled. Real money, real tears",positive
"Just a kind, decent, caring human being!",positive
"Real person, real emotions... gonna make a REAL PRESIDENT!",neutral
I watched the video. She is so sweet! She's giving off Kindergarten teacher vibes almost.,positive
"Penzey's is awesome, but rather liberal and anti-hate/republican awesome spice distributor, they were happy to see someone that doesn't want to take rights away from someone for being different, PA can be a very weird place to live outside Pittsburgh and Philadelphia",positive
"The warmth legit made me tear up, please please vote for this over the other option. I'm so scared I'll be executed if she doesn't win for just being me.",negative
"okay, good",positive
"That video was sweet af, not sure why newsweek made a whole ass article out of a tweet",negative
next week the GOP will have to respond by staging Trump rescuing a toddler from the 5th floor of a burning apartment building,neutral
Can’t wait til trump tries his creepy hug on someone. Remember the flag? Ick.,positive
"I just rewatched the movie ""Lincoln""-- seeing Lincoln talk to the soldiers, the housekeepers, the regular folks-- was so inspiring.",positive
I thought Trump had all senior white ladies on lock?,neutral
"Dear lord, I pray a hedge of protection over Kamala & Tim. Please Lord, purge our country of the evil ones…",positive
She has a good ❤️,positive
"I bet t.rumo has many photos of him near crying women. 
Sic, for he no longer merits capitalization, and I put a period in it because he is a whiny bitch, and it implies he is an ass.",negative
Wait for the upcoming video of Trump trying to hug someone.,positive
"Anyone who can watch this and still think that they will vote for tRump can go jump in a lake, nice way to say what I want to say!",positive
Harris is going viral. So cool to see :D,positive
"This made me tear up, and I'm even more motivated to vote in less than 8 weeks.

I have a young daughter and a disabled son, two types of people the GOP hate. I'm voting to protect them from a Trump dictatorship.",positive
"Good to see I'm not the only one getting a little misty watching this. Comments above from people, re: the near global fear, anxiety and stress about the possibility this country would be swept away by the utter madness of trump and his cult, are right on.  
I just dropped some money into the Harris campaign, just to acknowledge this bit of genuine empathy. Felt Good!",negative
I don't know why I saw this but I thought that was a spaceballs photo in the thumbnail,neutral
Now how will Republicans twist this to try to make this a negative thing?,negative
This is a nice contrast to the other side who are mostly soulless ghouls that were emotionally neglected as children.,negative
Waiting to hear from faux news on how Harris is embracing lesbianism.,neutral
“Here’s how this is bad for Democrats…”,negative
"You cannot buy this kind of publicity.   

You could not manufacture this kind of campaign stop if you tried. ￼

She is the real deal.  

This was a beautiful moment.

When Kamala hugged that woman and said ""it's gonna be OK,"" I feel like that woman was all of America right now, and the emotional distress we have been feeling for the last decade. ￼ 

What an immense gesture that was: someone who might be the most powerful woman in the world in a few months, taking time to just give someone a hug and tell them it's gonna be OK. ￼",positive
"i swear some people will see this and think its a bad thing, this is so genuine, i hope you guys vote for her, we got our own political issues for now in germany..",negative
Elon bout to get the video deleted,neutral
But has she humped an American flag?,neutral
Well good for her!,positive
Behold a normal human running for president 🙏😄✌️👏 love it!,positive
"The people saying sir all the time are clearly his campaign staff/handlers trying to get him the fuck in line. I'm starting to think they do come to him crying (out of frustration) begging him to stop rambling and talk about inflation.


Sir 😭 please talk about jobs and inflation. This is an economics town hall. Sir.",negative
"Yep, and you likely won’t ever hear her bragging about it.",positive
"I believe that happens.  An aide approaching Trump, ""Sir, for the last time, a tariff IS A TAX, you can't nuke a hurricane, and stop STARING AT THE SUN!""",negative
They’ll claim this one is staged while insisting it happens multiple time daily for him.,neutral
But when a 17 year old cheering on his dad cries..,positive
"well idk I'm sure there's at least a handful of grown weirdos who do come up to trump crying, many people cry over meeting their idols and unfortunately he's a lot of peoples idol...",negative
"Big Teachers, Strong Teachers, Tears Streaming down their faces…",positive
Literally the first thing that came to my mind ,neutral
God this is amazing.  I love the young girl who asks if she can have a hug.  I need a hug too.,positive
"""We're gonna be fine. We're all in this together.""

I'm not crying. YOU'RE crying.",positive
"Honestly the little girl shaking with excitement was even better, and on top of that the 3 different generations of women (4 including Kamala).

I'm trying not to have too much hope cause I completely discounted even the possibility of 2016 playing out how it did but these videos are really needed, even if I can get a good laugh out of someone not knowing how to order donuts.

Hoping for best down south from up north.",positive
"She's an actual human being with feelings. 


It's so awful! How can anyone stand it! We need Donut Man!",negative
"Thank you. I hate these ""articles with a zillion links, none of which are what the article is talking about"" shell games.",negative
"""I think you understand... I'm pretty sure you know...""

""HELP. PLEASE. THANK YOU.""

I cannot WAIT for this whole country to decompress next year.

They not like us, we not going back.",positive
That’s a leader right there. Just damn man how the fuck is this race even a thing man..,negative
the first person she talked to really biffed that selfie tho lol.,positive
"We are going to be fine, God I hope so.",positive
Real people with something positive to live for here.,positive
They’re all completely starstruck. She has some charisma. Lol at the security guy at the back (presumably) “Always with the hugging fml”,positive
I just wanna know if the lawyer girl got her picture!,neutral
"We need this, we need her. This is amazing to see after a decade of trauma",positive
She seems like a genuinely wonderful person. You can’t fake that,positive
"Nobody nervously asking not to be on camera... 

Holy shit she is so present.",negative
"this is me rn lol.  

for america, for democracy, for us all.",positive
Ok im not crying al all,positive
"Stopped too soon, I want to know all about these people and kids, so refreshing. 

Open hugs, talking to each other, happy, smiling, not weird!",positive
I was not expecting to cry at that?,positive
"I go to that Penzey’s regularly, I’m a little annoyed that I went there last Wednesday, if I’d gone there Saturday, I could have gotten a hug from Kamala too!",positive
"“So, uh, how long have you been crying?”",neutral
I'll take some sprinkle stuff,neutral
JD should have consulted with RFK Jr whose uncle actually *was* a donut.,neutral
"I just went back to rewatch Vance at the donut shop for some lols and…that was only two weeks ago? I feel like I’m going crazy, it feels like two months ago already.",positive
"The video of Tim Walz in Pennsylvania getting donuts mad me laugh, because he's nice and personable and asks questions and jokes around and on the way out the door says to someone ""now, that wasn't that hard, was it?"" And then immediately spots the dog in the crowd outside and makes a beeline for it.",positive
"“So, will you deliver this message to your teacher? Tell him JD Vance gave you this message. Tell him that school shootings are a fact of life and our schools are soft targets. Ok, good.”",neutral
*thumbs up next to graves* 👍,negative
"Whats weird is that people  like that he wouldn't  care because  people don't like when leaders show their humanity. 

It's so funny...we've evolved  as a society  so much..but we still want our leaders to seem inhuman and God like.

Another reason  why marvel movies are popular",positive
"> I noticed how Kamala's kindness and reassurance comes so naturally, especially with a stranger. 

Exactly.  Those women (looks to be 60, 30, and 15) are all *terrified* in the state our country is in right now.  These women know exactly what is at stake and that fact that the race is still so godamn close...

It's tears of worry and 9 years of straight Fox News trump exhaustion.",negative
"Yeah, you can tell she actually likes people because she is effortlessly hearing what they are actually saying. She's not waiting for her turn to talk, giving responses that barely have anything to do with what the other person just said.",positive
Just post his wife after she has to hold his hand for 5 seconds.,positive
"Hey, crying is crying okay? The road you take to get there is irrelevant. Or as Trump would say it: There was this woman, horrible woman. Thought she could get money from me. She was crying. I said, don't cry, you have a great body. Her body was like, she had this shirt on, big (gestures rack) you know. What man wouldn't want to grab those. I said don't cry you've got a great body. Like my daughter. Have you seen my daughter? Big frontyard. I told her to do something with that. Not porn. But something. I think that'd be a great idea.",positive
\*groping,neutral
Melania doesn't count.,neutral
"It’s day and night, the good versus the truly despicable",positive
"I’d say she should get a green trenchcoat with ‘I really do care do u?’ on the back, but I think she would never stoop low enough to wear it. ",positive
"Not even a billionaire or a good businessman, which are his main shticks. His followers aren't the sharpest tools in the shed - they've been left at the bottom of the lake for a while and will disintegrate into rust dust cloud if you look at them hard enough.",positive
I'm old enough to remember Republicans pontificating about character during the Lewinsky scandal.,negative
Who‘s talking about “bloody” mass deportations.,neutral
"Simply, YES!",positive
"Here’s the thing. The people on the other side don’t believe any of this. There is no way to convince them that these displays of empathy are genuine and that democrats could possibly give a shit about their constituents. Sure they would say it’s great if it were genuine, they would have to be insane not to. But, to them, it’s not. It’s just the “corrupt democratic elites virtue signaling to make the stupid liberals vote for them so they can carry out their true agenda”.",positive
This is what America desperate needs right now. This election feels like a classic good vs evil story. Good must prevail.,positive
"A true ""tyranny of the minority""...that's what we'd have under Trump and his MAGA ""army"". I still don't think 30-40% figure that gets quoted on Reddit all the time is accurate, I think far fewer people than that actually *want* a Christofascist dictatorship. The true problem are the more moderate Republicans who only vote for the ""R"" next to candidates' names, regardless of who they are....*those* people need to be reached. MAGAs are lost causes...so fuck them they can fade into oblivion.",negative
"Yeah, this is a beautiful moment, but like the woman said, “I think you know.” Deep in our guts, we all know why she was crying and where this could go. 

I keep thinking about the raw joy and relief when Trump lost in 2020. The way people were dancing in the streets and celebrating. We can get there again.",positive
Yep. People will say “stop being dramatic” but it’s just not true. This is a big election for democracy. I just hope we do the right thing.,positive
I would almost definitely cry if I saw her for this exact reason. I have no great love for her but we’re all in a really high stakes situation and seeing the personification of the only tiny hope there is? Yea I’d break down.,positive
"Exactly, I would have cried harder than that !",negative
As a side note the spice store they're at in Penzeys and they have great spices and seasonings and stuff. It's a little pricey but everything I've ever gotten from them has been high quality.,positive
"Not just that the best person who can prevent it, but the fact that she’s actually an amazing woman and human being who actually wants to help people and already has her entire career. 

This hasn’t happened since Jimmy Carter.",positive
The ending to GoT we deserved but didn't get.,neutral
Can’t wait to vote for the first time ! Let’s go!,neutral
Not to mention I think we can all relate to the crying woman. We all need HELP. ,positive
"I mean, let’s be honest. It’s still campaigning. But it’s an authentic and spontaneous moment that should be effective.",positive
I’m honestly terrified of a second Trump term. The attacks on my own demographics in recent years is terrifying. I could be that crying woman. I have BEEN that crying woman!,negative
"She always was. 

Four years ago, you would have been down voted to hell in this sub for ever saying that Kamala was genuine and had charisma.",negative
This exactly.  Tearing up because she is exactly who we need now,neutral
Exactly.  Someone who actually understands people and their struggles.,negative
"One candidate prosecuted sexual predators, the other is one.",negative
"Oh, well done! Well said.",positive
"I’m watching this on mute as my newborn daughter is next to me- It drove me to tears too, I so desperately want her to grow up in a world with this woman leading it.",negative
"Call me jaded if you will, but I think in years prior I might've found such a reaction to be over the top. But now? This woman is just one example of what so many people feel. Not just for Kamala herself, or for any Democrat. They're fucking *scared*. They're heartbroken and barely clinging to hope. So much is at stake and there's so little we can do except place all of our hopes into this one candidate. 

It's hard to watch. I don't care for the types of people who fawn over elected officials of any kind, but this isn't that kind of an emotional display. It's more like all the grief and tension of the past decade or so pouring out and condensing back into the faintest trickle of hope again.",negative
"What the lady said was kind of what a lot of us are feeling too. ""Im scared"" Terrifying times here and if this middle aged woman is thinking this way, young people (the college and 20s crowd) must certainly be feeling the fear. And they NEED to vote. I hope kamala centers the youth during the debate- stress exactly how she intends to make the next gen's start at life easier.",negative
He would NEVER touch one of his base. Much less hug someone who isn't his daughter.,positive
She would be crying because he was attempting to force himself on her.,negative
"Nah, she wouldn't be his type.",negative
"She’s not hot enough for him to fondle her. _(His words, not mine)_",neutral
"There was a little kid in there too. He’d be behind all of them trying to kiss them 

https://streamable.com/amp_player/sd7b1z",positive
Minneapolis also loves our Penzey’s!! ‘Outrage’ is our go to seasoning right now. ,positive
I've legit cried in Penzey's. That place smells like possibility.,neutral
Wow. That was a great link.,positive
I saw part of the clip last night at work at a restaurant with no sound and could immediately tell it was a Penzeys. Love our Madison store!,positive
The bots on Twitter keep insisting that it is staged.,neutral
This reminds me of the excitement around Obama in 2008.,positive
"Such a great clip. Here is the [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rfbr4U90nQE) for anyone who wants to bypass the Newsweek article. 

Geoff Duncan, a Republican, was on CNN the other night and he said something I'll never forget. His primary reason for supporting Harris was that he has children, and he has to look into his children's eyes every day with the thought that he has the duty to protect his children and our future generations. 

It's a different mindset this election. A whole different level of duties and obligations.",positive
"Once in a while, Trump does something like go into a restaurant and say shit like “Food for everyone”, and then splits without paying for anyone. 

https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2023/jun/15/donald-trump-miami-versailles-cuban-restaurant-pay",positive
"> I hoped none of them have COVID or the flu and get Kamala sick so she performs terribly during the debate. 

Me too. It's raging here in Pittsburgh right now.

(still envious as hell of those people - I live 6 minutes away from this store, and almost visited that day on a whim) (had no idea Harris was even in town) (everything happens in threes)",negative
"Which is what makes it more poignant when people hug or shake hands nowadays. I greatly appreciate when people display the bravery to prioritize human connection over fear of contagion. Even before covid, shaking hands has always had that level of significance.",positive
"Oh geez I hadn’t thought of that. She should wait until after the debate for these up close and personal visits. If she gets sick and loses her voice or isn’t feeling well, it could be a disaster for the debate.",negative
Trickle down joy,positive
There's a link to the twitter video in the article which is how I saw the clip.  Though I prefer not to go to that website for anything.,neutral
Last time I will get suckered by Newsweek!!!,negative
"Exactly, I'm glad that people are coming around on Kamala (and even on such a male-dominated space as reddit, let's be honest).

Personally, I was excited about Kamala as soon as she came up with the whole ""We're not going back"" slogan in one of her first speeches as the presidential nominee. Hopefully others get on board the Kamala train as well, and realize she's a great candidate for president even apart from how horrible Trump is.",positive
this is such a good comment,positive
I'd hug a MAGA a day to save our country.,positive
"Um, he would have said “the big strong lady at the coffee shop shed some tears over me. But not my type. Lovely tears, she loved me a LAT, but we’re gonna fix her problem.  Don’t worry. “",negative
Even AI would struggle...,negative
Let's hope he doesn't hold it like he does a bible.,positive
"Or compassion 

Or empathy",positive
Probably some poor campaign employee posing as a constituent.,negative
"If Harris would save someone's life, magas would still shout ""propaganda"". While Trump is a convicted felon but that's somehow injustice.",negative
Sir please don’t mention Hannibal Lecter again 😥,positive
"Sir, Vance has hit up a second donut shop.",neutral
I *hear* it but I don’t think I believe it.  I think that what his staff/handlers are *actually* telling him is that their odds of winning are higher by energizing the base with his strong man character than attracting moderates by playing a reasonable character.,positive
Is literally this meme- https://imgur.com/a/gJR8JYa,neutral
"I always his ""Sir""s a tell that the story is bullshit, lol.",negative
"No, it's just narcissistic lying. No one is calling him sir. He invents stories to look good.",negative
"I always found it bold of him to assume people would call him ""sir"" without following with ""you're making a scene""",positive
"Also, Sir, you lost the election.",negative
“Sir please I need to serve you this subpoena”,positive
"Laura Looney already has... Because it was at Penzey's Spices (great spices, even better politics). ""She went somewhere with people who probably like her, and they actually liked her! It's a fake! No one acts like that with Donald when he goes to politically friendly stores!... I mean...""",positive
Or that her supporters are a bunch of crybabies. They truly have no shame.,positive
"Half the comments I've seen, wherever this is has been shared, have been some variation on ""staged"". Zero empathy from those people, just like their cult leader.",positive
Hugging him would be like hugging a bag of wet shit,positive
The only reason I even know about this is because “staged” has been the #1 trending topic on my Twitter feed since about 5 seconds after the video was uploaded…,neutral
All of America looks like they need a fucking hug nowadays,positive
It’s a step up from JD’s visit to the donut shop… lol,positive
"Please, for the love of God, let's not allow the other candidate to hug young women.",positive
"Thanking the teachers too. The little girl gets to tell her teacher that Vice President Kamala Harris, soon to be the first woman President thanked them personally for being a teacher. 

I would cry if I met her. It’s so awesome to even have the hope of a better future and see two wonderful human being campaigning together and acting authentically. My mental health has gotten better recently just from watching them.

Also the young lawyer getting thanked by Kamela for going into consumer protection law. She’s going to have that photo of the two of them on her office wall forever. 

I’m absolutely crying tears of joy right now.",positive
"Imagine trump in that situation.  ""You're right to be afraid the radical communist democrat party is trying to take me down.   You need to fight for me! Do WHATEVER it takes.  You can't be intimidated by the crooked doj whom I think have gotten far more nasty under kamala.  Incredibly nasty. Hannibal lector, sharks, dead birds.",negative
"I mean, lessons were learned from 2016. Kamala knows its gonna be a ground and pound fight with Trump tomorrow and future debates. There will be an October surprise from the republicans. But the one great thing is people are shoveling money into her campaign, regular people like me and you. And it helps, she just spent 350 MILLION on ad buys in SEVEN battleground states. Trumps campaign meanwhile is spending an average of 1-2 million per battleground state. This won't be easy but we are giving her the tools to win.",positive
Said it before and I'll say it again: something in me broke in 2016 and it's been pretty hopeless ever since. I'm so scared.,negative
"This, 4 generations making a connection. And respect from all, no nastiness or ego or ""transactional"" grift from anyone",positive
Newsweek. Always clickbait. Always a bunch of bs.,neutral
That woman was all of us begging for this fucked up political hellscape to be over.,negative
I really saw myself in that woman 😂,positive
Did she get her phone back tho?! I need to know. 😂,positive
"And almost didn’t her picture at all. 

With these kinds of moments, if you slip even once you’ll miss your opportunity.",positive
She did!,neutral
"To be fair, almost anybody would look like a regular person compared to the weirdos Vance and Trump.",positive
"okay, good",positive
"*""I do NOT want to be on camera.""*",negative
"""...some tears, a little wailing.  Whatever makes sense.""",negative
“Do you cry here often?”,negative
"Can somebody get her a tissue or, uh, whatever makes sense.",neutral
"""It's just a fact of life""",neutral
"It would be more like, “when you are done crying let me know and I’ll come back for a handshake”",negative
Fact of life keep crying,negative
"The hardest I've laughed all day, thank you",positive
I cackled at this,neutral
"Ok, good. Whatever makes sense.",positive
"""They got some shit like Mountain Dew, Snickers, Tayo chips for us. Cuz that's the power of the presidency"" may be my new favorite ",positive
The hole in the middle is from the brainworm,neutral
Technically a Berliner according to himself.,neutral
"Ooh, deep cut.


I just told my kids (10 & 12) about this incident with JFK, and they have not stopped laughing.",negative
“He’s a fucking donut”,neutral
"Welcome to the MAGA news cycle. While we're still trying to process yesterday's craziness, even more demented shit goes down, so we never get a chance to properly deal with anything.",negative
You have a different definition of 'evolved' than I do.,neutral
"Here's an interesting one for you to mull over. You know those ridiculous hot takes about people not taking Harris seriously because she expresses actual, human warmth? I was block walking with my family yesterday and stepped out of the way of a car. Driving said car was an 87 year old woman (who told me that). She stated that she was ""confused"" over who to vote for. Our fellow block walker, bless him, tried to engage with a woman who is barely and I mean BARELY holding it together. Verbatim she stated that women in power should never smile and she ""doesn't trust VP Harris to run the country"". ",negative
"I’m going to push back on, of all things, Marvel movies. I contend they are popular for the opposite reason. DC movies are the ones that present their heroes as gods, untouchable. Except for die hards, these movies are considered commercial and artistic failures. Marvel movies have been popular because they show the vulnerability of characters, often with a sense of humor.

This does relate to our political wasteland. The MAGA’s have been freed to let their inner bully emerge with no consequences. Combine this with the smugness American Christians already feel, and now you’re cooking. You can hate real hard, but underneath there’s that satisfaction of being one up on whoever you’re hating. It’s a technique as old as time, and it’s obvious we haven’t evolved much. Their humor, as well as their entire mindset, is all about punching down, and you’re always punching down if you have enough hate in your heart,

Kamala comforting that woman touches my heart, but it’s also a photo op. We need to analytically approach everything we are presented.
.",positive
"Yes, we're all scared. No matter what age group you're in. Basic health care needs are still at stake. Not many years ago I never considered women's right to abortion, birth control or even basic checkups (without discrimination and shame) would ever be in danger.",positive
My therapist aptly noted that this entire country (the world!) has been abused by That Fucking Guy for close to a decade. ,negative
"All he would have to do is show her his personal account balance, so she knows she'll never get the cash in her prenup",neutral
"Nah, that's going to be a death-stare so icy it could freeze the sun.",negative
"Just remind her if Trump loses, she'll likely never have an excuse to see Trudeau again. About as close to a monkey paw wish for her if there ever was one.",neutral
"This was great...love how understated it is, you could see him saying this",neutral
And it’s a fucking coin flip. Propaganda and the underlying bigotry it activates have poisoned people’s minds.,negative
And there’s a lot of f-in truly despicable politicians AND Americans who vote for them.,positive
"Ohh that’s so good, in my dream world Gwen would wear that out someday.",positive
"I don’t know about the billionaire part, but I do suspect he’s a decent businessman in one type of business - scams and money laundering. He’s the loud mouthed dipshit that distracts people from the real work going on behind the scenes. And when the scam and/or laundering business needs to be shut down, he gets the order to file for bankruptcy to clean up the tracks. 

My personal opinion is all of his bankruptcies are just scams/money laundering fronts that have run their course and need to be cleaned up. ",negative
[Trump is.](https://x.com/atrupar/status/1832797962814009628) Also his nonsense about migrants gangs “taking over sections of the state” is laughably and demonstrably false.,negative
I went to the Harris rally in NH this week. I was sobbing like this lady before I even made it across the parking lot. We’re all starved for joy and optimism.,positive
"Literally just said to my husband, not going to lie, I could definitely use the Vice President giving me a hug and reassuring me that we're in this together and we're going to be fine.",positive
"I think anyone with a uterus or anyone who gives a shit about women gets what that exchange was about. It’s a touching moment, but woof… Those are heavy emotions at the source.",negative
"That woman had years built behind those tears, I feel so bad for her, those are the kind of existential tears where life points pivot.  That's the happiest moment of her life now, I can almost guarantee it, nothing is quite as universally understandable as finally feeling a sense of catharsis in your own existence that things could finally be ok.",negative
"Anything she does while interacting with people during events related to her campaign is technically campaigning, but I think people assume that ""campaigning"" means ""disengenuous,"" which is not always the case.",neutral
"Great campaigning, you can’t fake that kind of sincerity and empathy (as we have seen from JD Vance)",positive
"> let’s be honest. It’s still campaigning.

Oh come on; it may have happened during a campaign, but first and foremost this moment was a genuine heart-to-heart interaction. I've followed Kamala even before she launched her campaign, and she seems like the type of person who can be warm and display compassion even when she isn't actively running for anything. 

I don't think anyone would be making these type of nitpicky comments if it was Tim Walz doing this instead; but a lot of people here seem to want to dampen praise for Kamala and nitpick/dissect her actions while being much less critical of other politicians like Walz or Bernie Sanders.",positive
"It’s definitely a campaign moment as they’re actively campaigning, but she has 100s of clips like this throughout her career so I think it’s authentic to her/ what she’s trying to project for leadership.",positive
"Yes! My first thought when I saw this video is that could be me. That IS me. I’m so tired of all of it. So so tired. And Kamala represents what I’ve been waiting for, for so long. Hugs sister!",negative
"Yeah, it really got me. I won’t lie. I’m tough as nails and all, but deep down, we know we’re fighting for our lives here.",negative
"I sobbed with relief when Biden/Harris won in 2020. It’ll happen again when Harris/Walz win this year. 

I’m a bisexual millennial woman with young children. I was so terrified when I found out my first was a girl in 2020, horrified for her potential future, especially when they rammed through Handmaiden Amy into the Supreme Court after voting had already started. I have nightmares about the potential future. As long as we pull through and win this year I’ll certainly feel a hell of a lot better. If we don’t…I pray I can make an escape plan for me and my family quickly enough. ",positive
"This. It's a problematic mind set these days, to have trust in your President, to be able to look to them for strength and comfort. To me, that is part of their job, to care for us, the body politic. We are not healthy, but we yearn to be. Our rights are being stolen, as well as our joy and peace of mind. A decade of abuse by the traitor team has hurt us, and we look to our elected leaders for stability. Kamala understands that, truly, and has the emotional intelligence to respond. A photo op, perhaps, but one that was unscripted, and to which she instantly stepped in. Trump could not, and never would even think of giving support. He only takes, they only seek to destroy. Vote 💙💙💙💙 Blue",positive
Could you imagine a young girl asking Trump for a hug ? Never.,positive
She wouldn’t be “the chosen one.”,neutral
My dream is to retire and then get a part-time job at Penzeys,positive
Penzeys is next level! They have pissed off a lot of their conservative customers over the last decade but they have gained a bunch of new ones. I admire so much that they aren't afraid to stand behind their principles. I pretty much exclusively buy my spices from them and am blessed to live in Milwaukee where they are HQ'd.,positive
"This got me to read it, and you're absolutely right.  It's probably worth a read for most of the folks on this sub.  And it's linked right on their nav bar, at the top of every page on their site!

Much respect to these guys and I'll try to patronize them soon.",positive
"Well, that girl deserves an Oscar if so. But that shit was not staged",negative
And his supporters insist that anyone who claims he didn't pay for anyone is a lying librul.,negative
Or a pussy.,neutral
"Trump: ""under Biden, your electric bill has gone up... That reminds me of the electric motor and the shark, have you heard about this?""

*Handler sighs and takes another Xanax*",neutral
"Sir, this is a Wendy's, they don't serve taco bowls.",neutral
"Just read the teleprompter please, sir.",positive
"So, for real though…are we all in agreement that he keeps saying that because he doesn’t understand what political asylum is? That’s why he says it right? 

It is like having that kid from the Twilight Zone movie running for President. He is such a stupid dumbass, and speaks with absolutely no shame of what an undereducated, incurious, simpleton he is. 

Is it anything else? It’s just that he is a confident dimwit right?",positive
"Hannibal Lecter, great guy... Tremendous cook",positive
"Ok, good.",positive
"And Sir, this is a Wendy's.",neutral
"“…. oh and sir, tuck in that tie ffs”",neutral
Oh he knew that the whole time. He's just a lying bastard.,negative
"My favorite thing is the people trying to cancel Penzeys because they took out political billboards and stuff, without realizing they've *always* been political",positive
"This is the only place I’ll buy spices from. All of them are top notch.

In reference to the actual encounter, Kamala keeps coming across as a real human (same with Tim) which Trump and  Vance can’t even fake (see Vance donut shop encounter). They are relatable (see eating Doritos and Michigan State Fair with daughter) and normal…not some weird billionaire who also, I believe, has the beginning signs of dementia or a weird sycophant just trying to become VP.",negative
Agree! Especially about Penzey's.,positive
"Penzeys is the **shit**. Awesome spices, and their email list has great political and social essays sent out along with offers for free stuff. I've got a spice drawer full of awesome spice blends amd dried herbs that I paid literally nothing for because they so regularly give stuff away for free.",positive
"Love Penzey’s. I always buy their gift cards when they’re on sale, $50 GC for $35. I mean, I’m gonna spend it anyway.",positive
They might be crying around TFG… but because of the (purported) smell. And he doesn’t seem like the huggable type even on his best day.,positive
I don't think Donald is Penzey material.,neutral
"I’m a Harris supporter, and I cry at the drop of a hat. Happy, sad, joyful, angry. I cry at ASPCA commercials and the videos where military members come home and see their kids or dog for the first time in months or years. I cry at weddings and funerals. I’d cry if I met Kamala purely because the level of hope I’d feel would be overwhelming. I’m sure they’d call me a crybaby. 

But what those assholes don’t get is that their insult is a compliment. Yep, I’m a crybaby. That’s because I feel things strongly and I’m not afraid or ashamed of that. It’s a strength.",positive
They’ll do both at the same time. Consistency isn’t a concern for them.,neutral
This is so true. God…wouldn’t it be so fucking nice if we just had some leaders that were like…human beings and told us things would be ok and then *helped make sure things were ok* finally?,positive
I just really wish sometimes there was a grownup in the room somewhere who would hug me and tell me we're gonna be fine.,positive
"It’s true, we do. Even the bad ones.",negative
This is probably absolutely true.,positive
The charisma level she must have in person to get as far as she has must be like Sims 3 level 9 about be 10/10 when she's promoted to POTUS.,positive
The relief I feel is still in its surreal stage I think that Dems learned something and are trying a new angle to fight fascism. edit: grammar,positive
"You were right to be scared apparently. Trump was responsible for stripping women of their rights, first time we've ever *taken rights away*.  Look up Project 2025, it gets worse if he's elected.  

I'll certainly never ever ever ever vote GOP again as long as I live for any office for any candidate ever again...ever. I'm fucking livid.",negative
"I hear you. I didn’t pay any attention to the news or politics until I heard Trump won the nomination. My boss was in tears the next morning because she truly thought we would have our first woman President. A lot of people broke that day, just for it to happen over and over again every time he got away with his crimes, and it feels like it will never stop.",positive
This has been me too. Harris’s campaign has diminished that fear a little but I’m not convinced we’re out of the woods by any means.,negative
"I feel you. I just couldn't believe how it had come to that. Like I am so skeptical and cautious now, much more so than before, simply because of 2016 and the proceeding time line. Everytime I think 'surely this is it, right' another haymaker of ""are you fucking kidding me??"" lands.",positive
"Newsweek sucks, but I find this is the case across the board. Can hardly ever just find the video they're talking about on a given link. I don't want to read someone's interpretation of it, I want to see it myself.",negative
They spelled fucking Pittsburgh wrong in the article.,negative
Yep.  NW is garbage but it's frequently sourced here.,positive
Oh good,positive
Whatever makes sense,neutral
"JD Vance belongs on a show like VEEP, not any close to actual power.",positive
"I literally laughed out loud at your “okay, good” comment. Spot on.",positive
Would you like to sit on a couch?,positive
Best response 🤣,positive
I wanted her so badly to tell him please don't fuck our couch,neutral
"“Okay, good.”",neutral
“The zoo has come to town thank you for letting us in”,positive
JD: “so what’s that hole for? What do you do with the hole?”,neutral
The donut is actually the worm and the hole is Bobby Jr.,neutral
"Jeez, I was beginning to think nobody got the reference.",neutral
Do you have a flag?,neutral
"This is what shook me to the soul the hardest out of all of it... 
I knew abortion wasn't just a right.  I knew it was sacrosanct, untouchable.  I was very wrong.",negative
I couldn’t even tell it was made up.,neutral
Here’s hoping good prevails,positive
Exactly right. The fact that it’s a coin flip speaks volumes about our divided house.,neutral
"The actual problem is the electoral college sucks for democracy. There is a reason no other democratic country is using it, but I guess until the day Texas is solidly blue, Republicans aren't going to be in favor of removing it.",positive
"I was thinking Doug needs to do this, to draw the distinctions between the first-spouse options.",neutral
"I think the person you’re responding to was making a statement, not asking a question.",neutral
"Yet according to Lindsey Graham, the kind of joy that Harris/Walz project doesn't exist.",positive
Momala hug,positive
Damn right.  I can't even get that affection from family.  Sounds corny as hell but just being told it'll be okay now and then goes a mile.,neutral
"I'm not even a hugger but this election has me so stressed I could go for a Kamala hug too. There's never been so much at stake and it's going to be so close. Another (and probably much worse because he's emboldened) Trump presidency would plunge us into a disaster so deep, I don't know how the country could climb out.",negative
"And feeling truly SEEN.  THAT more than anything is what Momala just gave her, with no reservations, quibbling, or negativity.  It was amazing to be witness to it, even if in absentia…",positive
"""So, how long have you been a real human being? Ok.""",neutral
"Him sexual assaulting kids isn't a ""hug"".",negative
I work there and it is a dream! 💜💙💚♥️💛🧡,positive
"Dispensed from a Reagan Pez Dispenser.


https://images.app.goo.gl/xmxJnSAXwQFAMMc7A",neutral
"In his defense, back in the olden times Wendy's had an amazing salad bar where you could make taco bowls. It was one of the best mildly hung over Sunday afternoon places to go during college.",positive
"And pray for no typo's, because he **will** call him ""Leon"" again",neutral
Whatever makes sense.,neutral
I like to gift Penzey's Spices to Trump supporting family members at Christmas. Makes me feel like I'm converting them on a cellular level.,positive
">without realizing they've always been political

CCR has entered the chat, slowly ramping up the volume until RATM busts in.",neutral
*Rage Against the Machine have entered the chat.*,negative
"The law student calls her ""Madam Vice President"", and then she introduces herself just as ""Kamala"". 

Of the People, By the People, FOR THE PEOPLE. ❤️",neutral
"It's a far cry from ""I do not agree to being on camera"" before even b​eginning his train wreck of a conversation.

If it was ""faked"" (llike scouted ahead of time, maybe asking the people there how they feel about Kamala Harris) then it just points to the Trump campaign not doing the bare minimum...",negative
"Their Mexican Vanilla Extract.... It takes cookies to the NEXT LEVEL, dawg!",neutral
"Sounds like a good group of people.  I'll have to investigate their stuff next time I'm in the neighborhood.
https://www.penzeys.com/shop/about-republicans/",positive
Their Chili 9000 is the best chili blend I've ever tried,positive
"We found out they have a store close to us a little while back. Had to set a budget for going in there, even with all the freebies!",positive
"I am just like you —. I wish I could turn it off sometimes, but that’s just how I’m made. 🤷‍♀️",positive
"As a species, We evolved emotional tears as a pressure relief mechanism. It's just like pain. It's there for a reason.",negative
"same.  and this made me cry.  whether it was staged, insincere, a photo op, whatever, i refuse to be suspicious over someone showing warmth and engaging with children.  ❤️ kamala and tim.",negative
"I really hope you cried at the infamous ""you're my present this year"" commercial.

But seriously, crybabies of the world unite.",negative
"> what those assholes don’t get is that their insult is a compliment

Yep. My whole life, I've always thought that was weird

Lack of empathy isn't strength. Its damage.",negative
Jimmy Carter tried.  Damn human being trying to be a politician....,negative
Joe Biden.,neutral
"Same, friend.",positive
"I don’t know how old you are but here’s a hug from me. After seeing this video, I feel like hugging everyone dear god.",positive
"Virtual hugs 🤗 
We’re gonna be fine.",positive
The need hugz from kittens the most,positive
Absolutely. It’s authentic charisma too. You can’t fake what she’s doing.,negative
Should be Fucking Pittsburgh.,neutral
So like are you going to stop crying now for the cameras?,negative
"“What should we say to insure plausible deniability on our reluctance to keep children safe from gun violence?”

“Whatever makes no sense.”",negative
"And he could have just said ""surprise me!"" and come off as a normal human.

All the vibes of Sarah Palin being unable to list a single newspaper/magazine she reads.",positive
Jonah Donut Vance,neutral
"PEEVED

or

Couch Surfing with Sancho Panza",neutral
"For that, she would've had to have known who he is",neutral
Something more subtle like “our couch is over there” would be funnier.,positive
We're all just going to have to live with it,neutral
Whatever makes sense.,neutral
Gotchu,neutral
"The funny thing is that berliner means both a jelly donut and a person from Berlin. American newspapers dragging JFK for saying that would be like dragging someone who says ""I am a New Yorker"" by pretending they're saying they are a newspaper.",positive
"No, but I invented a maneuver.",neutral
"Too coherent, not enough tangents.",neutral
And here's *voting* for good to prevail.,positive
Only a coin flip because so many of us are apathetic as fuck.,negative
I absolutely believe that genuine joy does not exist for Lindsey Graham.,positive
"Here’s an internet hug for you, fellow blue friend {{{}}}",positive
"Ok, good.",positive
"""Whatever makes sense.""

Is it his first day on Earth",neutral
Hi old! I’m also old and remember the Wendy’s salad bar 😂,positive
"I went to a Wendy's within the last six months and they were advertising a taco salad. It was literally their house salad plus a cup of their bean chili. I mean, I don't know what else I was expecting, but I was still terribly disappointed.",negative
"Today’s Jon Bois tidbit of the day:

At one point, the biggest buyer of kale in America was Wendy’s, who only used it to decorate their salad bar.",neutral
I had totally forgotten - but it was great!,positive
What a fantastic idea! I was just at the Pittsburgh Penzey’s last weekend. Love that store.,positive
"Encore by Green Day, who have people losing their minds because they held up a Trump head at their show",negative
This place is really close to me and I'd never heard of it. Guess I know where I'm going at lunch to shop around sometime this week,neutral
"Try their tellicherry black pepper.  You’ll never buy any other!

Edit:  and also their vanilla sugar… on toast.",neutral
So good!,positive
"They also do a lot of online sales, with specials.",neutral
"I had to tell my hubby early in our relationship that if we needed to talk about a tough subject he *needed to ignore my crying*. It’s a response I haven’t figured out how to control, and if we stop the talk we’re just gonna need to talk later and I won’t be able to stop crying then either, and the problem *still* wouldn’t be dealt with.

He’s a very sensitive guy, but we figured out pretty early on that we’re both likely high functioning ASD. We need to use actual words to clearly communicate, because we’re gonna completely miss most subtext/body language cues. In some ways it’s nice because if I’m feeling pissy and know I’m not reacting in a healthy way I have time to work through it to a functional reaction before he notices.",positive
That makes Trump even more of a sociopathic skinwalker. Ive never seen the man feel sorry for anyone but himself.,neutral
And he didn’t even stop after the presidency. Sonofabitch just started building houses with habitat for humanity. Human beings are awful at politics.,negative
I voted for Carter the first presidential election I was old enough to vote in. I love him. My mantra for years was “Jimmy Carter is my hero”. He still is. He is what a Christian president should look like and be. Not these christofacists MAGAts.,positive
This is what Dems get right. Kamala is the right choice AND Joe did a great job. Political support is not zero sum game.,positive
He was done so wrong by the media and the american people,negative
He had a similar moment at a gathering to honor some one/people (I can’t remember exactly).  Biden was going down a line shaking hands and a young man with Down’s syndrome stepped up crying and gave Joe a big hug.  His father was deceased and one of the people being honored.  Biden was so patient and kind with the young man.  It made me cry.,positive
"Guys, she just told me she doesn't want to be on camera.",negative
Jelly Donut Vance.,neutral
Okay good.,positive
"This wiki article goes into some depth in explaining how the myth was invented by an author for a novel, picked up as fact by the media and subsequently evolved. It’s actually fascinating!

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ich_bin_ein_Berliner",positive
More of a gesture!,neutral
"Hear, hear!",neutral
Here hoping the voting actually matters. Thanks electoral college,positive
"No, only a coin flip because the EC gives the Republicans a built in advantage (based on land area not people.)",positive
"We can't discount that voting is deliberately difficult for many people, for a reason. Voting registers are regularly purged, in some cases registering or voting requires mailing in forms or going in-person with multiple forms of IDs, voting in-person can require leaving the house, needing a vehicle, standing in line for hours, taking time off work that some people can't get, etc. It's difficult by design for disabled and poor people to vote, and that makes up a significant portion of non-voters, too.",negative
"A lot of people need to realize elections as they currently are is a binary choices and the only ""Death as an option"" is your own when one side decides to restrict your access to medical care because you are pregnant or trans.

Voting 3rd party doesn't send a message to move your direction. And not voting is just deciding that you'll see what will happen.",negative
I believe a lot of conservatives simply don't *let* themselves experience joy. Like Lindsey.,positive
But do you remember the Pizza Hut 'red roof' sit down restaurant buffet?,neutral
I LOVED the Wendy's Superbar when I was a kid!,positive
"The salad bar and the funky tables with the old school ""newsprint"" veneer..",negative
We got kicked out for eating the whole pineapple that was a centerpiece decoration on the Wendy’s bar. 🤷‍♂️,neutral
"It's also supposed to come with tortilla chips, salsa, and sour cream, so I'm sorry to say you may have gotten done dirty. I'm not too proud to admit to liking the salad a bit myself, but it definitely would be lacking without those other components.",positive
"Listen to the lyrics of American Idiot. That’s the one that got them. When Billie Joe changed the lyrics from redneck to MAGA. It’s literally talking about TV channels like Fox News. 

Well, maybe I’m the [censored], America

I’m not a part of a redneck agenda

Now everybody, do the propaganda

And sing along to the age of paranoia

…

Don’t wanna be an American idiot

One nation controlled by the media

Information age of hysteria

It’s calling out to idiot America",negative
"Check their social media - they usually have deals, coupons, free spices w/purchase. Have fun!",positive
Join their email newsletter. Deals emailed every weekend. Sometime spices are flat out free.,positive
"I discovered that I use so much less of a spice when I use Penzeys because they are so robust. Their sales are fire, too.",positive
"Three words: Spanish Smoked Paprika. It is freaking unbelievable. Sign up for their emails; they regularly have great deals, including $50 gift cards for $25.",positive
As a Dresden fan skinwalker is a good word to describe Trump.,positive
You're right.  I hope Ms. Harris isn't a vampire or some other undead...thing....,positive
"Yep. I agree that he was getting too old to run this round, but he put heart and compassion back into the Whitehouse like we've rarely seen. That and his many many landmark accomplishments that helped the American people when they needed it most.",positive
So let’s keep filming.,neutral
I have it on good authority it stands for Jorkin DePeanus Vance,positive
"I also blame right-wing propaganda, personally.  It's gotta get taken care of (through legislation, culture change, or both) or things aren't going to get better.",positive
I literally never understand why people think this isn’t still a thing. You just have to find the sketchy small town pizza huts that still have it.,neutral
Duh- that was fancy dinner for us lol.,positive
With tabletop Pacman.,neutral
Came here to write this.  Better than the pizza.  We would go as a kid and I would barely eat my pizza because I had binges on the salad bar.,positive
The Pizza Hut dessert pizza 🤤🍕,neutral
"KFC also had a buffet. Or at least the one by me had.

8 year old me quickly learned to never trust anything that looked like cranberry sauce unless I get it out of the can myself.

Fucking beets.",negative
You sir/ma'am are a wonderful person,positive
I just bought a bunch of sample packs from them. Looking forward to trying them out.,neutral
Stop describing my next horror movie pitch lol.,negative
"Okay, good.",positive
"I live in a ""small"" suburb with 125k residents and have one less than a mile from my house!",neutral
I heard they were coming back in some areas!,neutral
The best! The absolute best! 🕹️,positive
"So are you! ❤️

I just try to be the person Mr. Rogers believed I could be.",neutral
"ONE OF US! ONE OF US!

Enjoy!",positive
I’m JD Vance and I’m running for Vice President 😀,positive
This whole thread is gold.,neutral
I’m shocked they survived covid but we still don’t have any more 24/7 stores smhsmh,positive
Okay…,neutral
Okay. 😐,positive
"Gold: a thing that is worth more than any person I've ever met, and that's just objective fact.",positive
You.  How long have you been on Reddit?,neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
It's hard for me to accept the fact there a lot of people who just won't/can't understand how big a deal it is that a candidate attempted a coup and that person should never be given the presidency again.,positive
"Voters don't know enough about her??

Here's all they need to know.  She won't gleefully support a bunch of Americans who build a scaffold and hang a noose off of it for the VP of the USA.

That's the only policy that matters right now.",negative
"Anyone who is undecided in 2024 is a fucking moron. You’re either a hate filled piece of dog shit who wants Trump to make everyone else as miserable as you are, or you are a normal person who prefers literally anyone else. That is truly the decision to make. Am I a hate filled sack of shit or not.",negative
I’m staying exuberant to piss off Axelrod,positive
"Between 2016 and now, it seems that various rightwing billionaire assholes have bought up the ""liberal"" media which includes the polling companies that those media companies control.  It's possible that all these polls are increasingly worthless.     
      
VOTE!",negative
Oh please.... the usually run to the exits stuff.   One freaking poll and the media is acting like its the Titanic.,positive
"I just like to replace all utterances of “Harris” in these articles with “Democracy”, as she is the only person standing in the way of losing our great democracy. 

Vote for Democracy, Vote Harris.",positive
Germany 1939: I don't like some of his rhetoric but I like that he has the trains running on time. I really don't know much about the other candidate and I kind of like his little mustache.,positive
"If you love war and genocide, there is a lot to be optimistic about!",positive
"I know.

Especially the conservatives who say they agree that the election wasn’t rigged, but don’t think Trump is a threat to democracy. I can at least track the logic of the ones who took the fake election bait. 

Huh?",negative
"It’s still unconstitutional for Trump to take office.  

It’s a long post that I don’t feel like retyping, but the gist is that Section 3 of the 14th Amendment is still the law of the land WRT Trump.   

Majorities of both houses of Congress voted that Trump “Incited an Insurrection,” so he IS DISQUALIFIED from holding office.  The only way he can legally be sworn in is if 2/3 of each houses votes to remove the disqualification.",negative
"No you don't get it, the economy though. /s",negative
She's not passing project 2025.  That's enough for me.  Anything else is a bonus.,positive
Nah being undecided is as simple as “I don’t like Trump but inflation is higher and I’m having trouble making ends meet so I don’t want more of the same”,negative
"That makes total sense actually. The McCarthyism should’ve been a warning sign for what was to come.

leftist media is unbearable and has been since around that time.",negative
"This article is not that at all.  This was done by Sarah Longwell who does focus groups constantly to try to figure out why people can still vote for Trump.  The article is about how all of the people mentioned in it should be gettable by Harris with a good debate performance.

She is the founder of Republicans Voting Against Trump.",positive
"Yes, one poll which showed the same result from July with a +3 R sample. One poll is not a trend. The race is giro be close and we all need to understand that this is going to be an election won on the margins. Harris has a massive advantage in the ground game and Trump has narrowed his path by not investing his ad spending in any battleground other than GA and PA. The PA, NC, and GA path seems to be the only one he is focusing on which means Harris has to pick up just one of those (if she also wins NV).",positive
"Sadly, there are a significant number of voters who don't understand basic civics. 

To reach them you highlight different strengths of Harris and different flaws of trump.  Tim Walz is pretty good at this.  So is Butigieg.",positive
*yawn*,neutral
"Yes, that is what the law is.  The problem is the law requires people to enforce it and because Trump is so unprecedented there is no established process to enforce 14.3, allowing some to duck the issue and others to create loopholes to protect him. It won't be enforced on J62025 if he wins (no time to bring feckless Dems on board). It is possible if Harris wins and the Democrats keep the Senate and take the House that the may pass the legislation that SCOTUS asked for in Anderson (of course, SCOTUS will find some reason to strike it down protect Trump if Trump indicates he'll run again).",positive
"Yes, that's two things in her favour.  What more would anyone else need??",positive
Inflation is down,neutral
"I feel like the writer does a pretty good job of articulating the opportunity here, too. ""The more voters see of her, the more they seem to like her. And it’s always been the reverse for Trump."" ""Every one of those voters should be gettable for Harris—because they already voted against Trump at least once. But they’re not on board yet."". For people on this subreddit, I'm sure we think that Harris has been out enough to know where she stands and what she's all about. But for a lot of people, particularly the undecided voters she needs to reach, they might have just started looking at the election this month, might even wait until after the debate or next month. Still a ton of work to do, but Harris is tee'd up to convert the undecideds in a major way.",positive
"When I was in college there was a ( perhaps) urban legend about grad students who put recipes or boos excerpts in their thesis because the review panel never read them. I could probably just link recipes here, invent a title critical of Harris, and get the identical result except the mods would pull it",negative
"This is the mission of the ant democratic movement, to protect their power by ensuring that the masses do not realize the power they have constitutionally through this knowledge of civics, and undermine future generations by keeping them uneducated of civics… 

Hence the plans to eliminate the Department of Education Day 1. It furthers their plan of complete control of the masses.",positive
"This is of indeed the problem. 

I would argue that Congress does not need to do anything.  The Anderson decision says congress must decide, not that they need to take action.  I would argue they have already decided with their votes in Trump's second impeachment.  He just IS disqualified. 

As for enforcement mechanisms, it comes down to Roberts and the swearing in ceremony. 14.3 doesn't say anything about elections, so Trump can still run and win.  He just can't take office.  Roberts would need to refuse to seat him.  In that case, Vance would be President?  

Since Roberts thinks the Constitution is not binding he will of course swear Trump in anyway.  We aren't fighting to keep the Constitution, we're fighting to restore the Constitution to it's rightful place as the supreme law of the land.  Fascism is already here, installed by the Heritage Foundation's agents on the Supreme Court.    
  
I just hope someone with power notices and fixes it.  I like Biden, but he isn't getting this job done.",positive
"Inflation is declining, but prices are still up a lot relative to 2019. That’s not Biden’s fault, but most people aren’t super tuned into politics and generally just associate problems with whoever’s the president.",positive
At the end of the article she quoted some Trump voters that seemed tired of him and looking for an alternative.  Some of them can also be reached.,negative
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"The 28% rate proposal is only for households making more than $1 million/year:

>The Democratic presidential nominee has proposed a 28% tax on long-term capital gains, or assets owned for more than one year, for households making more than $1 million annually.

[source](https://www.cnbc.com/2024/09/06/harris-biden-capital-gains-tax-election.html)

Having an income of $1 million/year or more applies to .1% to .2% of the population.  As usual, there seem to be a lot of people panicking over a tax proposal that will never apply to them.",positive
"One of Trump’s core attacks on Harris has been that she’s “too extreme”.

Bernie didn’t have to say anything. He made this statement so that people can point to it as a meaningful way that Harris is not rubber stamping the left wing of her party.",positive
Fucking right it should be higher.,neutral
"It's an 8% increase over the current rate, so still pretty substantial. I think we will continue to raise it gradually if the Dems can take back the House and hold the senate in November",positive
He’ll never stop fighting for us.,positive
"Baby steps, we need every vote we can get.  A 40% increase is solid going from 20% to 28%.  More than doubled what it was prior to Obama when you consider it was 15% prior to Obama increasing it to 20%, he also added on the 3.8% surtax on gains for obamacare.  Going from 15% to 31.8% in 15 years isn't bad.",positive
"He's spitting facts though. I like Harris' policies, but they could be more robust, swing big and tell people that they need to get out and vote for a strong trifecta

^(THOSE ARE ROOKIE NUMBERS WE GOTTA PUMP THOSE NUMBERS UP)",positive
"Sub-50% taxes has never been a disincentive from doing business for any business owner.  Especially when interests on debt are tax deductible, they are practically subsidies.",negative
He's correct,neutral
BUT he will still vote for Kamala because democracy is at stake! We need to save the country first so we can make it better tomorrow.,positive
I want a Musk-sized wealth tax and an enforceable cap on campaign donations.,positive
It was 35% before Trump. I agree.,positive
Facts,neutral
This affects the millionaires’ decision to invest and continue to reinvest in America. This increases capital for companies to invest and create new products and services for America. Thats why its opposed by people other than the top 1 percent.,positive
"1 million needs to be taxed at like 70%, the anythingng about that 99.9%.",positive
"Republicans keep droning on about wanting to 'Make America Great Again' like the past is some sort of golden age we MUST get back to; but they exclusively focus on the racist and societal issues of the past that we've overcome. 

How about we return to something that was truly great? Like the tax rates before Reagan's abomination called 'Trickle Down'. You remember those 'golden days', GOP? When the top tax rate was near 80%?! Yeah, let's go back to THOSE golden years!",positive
I do not like to pay taxes on inflation.  So my proposal is to inflation adjust the capital gains and then treat what remains as regular income.,positive
"Bernie is probably correct, but this IS still a good start. The fact that no one is happy about it does mean it’s a good compromise.",positive
Bernie is the prime example of letting the perfect be the enemy of the good.,positive
"I usually agree with Bernie but not on this one. There should be no 'capital gains' tax rate: income is income and it should all be taxed the same rate. Capital gains rates were designed to encourage people to hold stocks for over a year but, if you trade Futures, a gain that took only 5 minutes will be taxed at 60% capital gains and 40% ordinary income. These rules, IRA/401K, no taxes on profits from selling your home, and other 'tax breaks' are why we have a 36 TRILLION dollar national debt.",positive
"Gods, I love that this guy understands the assignment.",positive
"Jesus fucking christ, Bernie, could you maybe try to *not* poison the effort?",positive
"And in another recent interview, he supposedly praised her pragmatism. Stick with that, Bernie. It's what needed in the face of another extreme.",positive
"Then write a bill, grandpa.

Fucking hell, do something besides running your mouth for once.",negative
"I like pragmatic progressives, not whatever Bernie does.",positive
"It’s politically impossible to substantially increase the capital gains tax. I will explain why. A huge number of Americans have stocks in their retirement funds. Those stocks have gains value over time and thus produce a capital gain when sold. Say I have $10,000 worth of stock gains. At the current rate, I pay a max of 20% on that, or $2000. If the tax is increased to 28%, I would pay $2800. But I know that. So if that bill is about to pass or about to go into effect, what do I do? I sell now, at the lower rate. Huge numbers of people doing this would essentially crash the stock market. This would devalue all the unsold stocks. Which would cause everyone who didn’t get out in time to be furious and also remove a big chunk of the Capital gains. Which means the government won’t be collecting taxes on those capital gains.",positive
Sanders. Just STFU already. Let the election play out then start popping off about stuff.,positive
Wow,positive
"If Bernie makes a stink that it should be higher, then when it inevitably gets pulled down it won’t be pulled as far",negative
"He is so useless. Just says a lot of things that yes would be good if we lived in his fantasy land where such things can occur. Here in reality even 28% is a tough sell. 

Hell Republicans want to yet again gut the IRS for doing their jobs because god forbid the rich pay their taxes. So yeah even 28% is likely too high to be feasible.",positive
"Just like the corporate tax rate, it's better to keep the rate reasonable, eliminate loopholes and collect all that should be collected.",positive
[deleted],neutral
">there seem to be a lot of people panicking over a tax proposal that will never apply to them. 

But don't you understand? One day they all might be millionaires and they don't want no gubment takin their monies! /s",positive
this tax would apply to me and I whole heartedly support it.,positive
"But if we tax the Rich, then the monies won’t trickle down!!!",positive
"The people it does apply to tend to be the ones with the microphones and platforms, so the panic response we see is wildly disproportionate to the general population.",negative
"Bu but but, what if I become a millionaire next year? 🥴🥴🥴",neutral
"And it is only 28% on the portion above $1m.

Most of these households are sole proprietor businesses where business income ends up on your personal return.  There are so many ways to run personal expenses through a business and hiding business income in other entities that anyone affected by this rule probably should get a better accountant.",neutral
"The story of every election, and even worse in countries with Murdoch media running the agenda.

People happily walk into the voting booth and vote entirely against there own interests.",positive
"If i sell my house i will realize this and that $130,000 will hurt badly. I have a normal los angeles home. Paid very little when i bought it. Nothing special. 

Better make it $2,000,000 to avoid peeps like me. Then ya get my vote.",negative
"The concern I’ve seen is that these people it would affect will pass it down as it’ll effect all major businesses effectively causing more inflation 

Not saying it’s right or wrong, but not so much the concern in them becoming millionaires themselves",neutral
"Once again, here we have a person who just doesn't understand reality.

Answer this - you bought $20,000 of stock X a few years ago.  It's now worth $50,000.  That's a $30,000 capital gain.  You have two choices:

1: you can sell it this year and be taxed 20% on it = $6,000

2: you can sell it next year and be taxed 28% on it = $8,400 (forfeited $2,400 in extra taxes)

If you sell it this year, you can buy it back at about the same price and sell it in the future, but now only paying on the gains vs. the current price (not the $20K you paid for it years ago).

So, people that invest and pay taxes think about these things . . . So these high earners (who also own the most stocks vs. other lower income groups) decides to sell tons of shares between the election and the end of the year to lock in the lower tax rates.

Now, you probably have heard of supply and demand, right?  Now there is a ton of supply of these shares of stock and no where close to enough demand - what happens to the price of those shares and the stock market in general?  It's gonna go down - possibly even significantly, right? You following along still?

Tell me, as a middle income earner - what does that do to the balance in your 401K or IRA when the market drops a significant amount in value?  Are you ready for that?  

Remember, the top 1% own over 50% of all stocks!  

You might not care if the stock market drops by 25% . . . but most Americans do care - because most Americans are saving for retirement and are counting on stock market returns to live a comfortable life in retirement - even if they are only middle income earners.",positive
"I don’t make 1 million/year and I have some serious apprehensions about this tax proposal. 

How does the valuation work? It is very difficult to get the true market value because market value can be manipulated as we saw with Trump’s case in New York

 How will it affect market liquidity? Taxpayers would be forced to liquidate assets in order to pay tax on unrealized gains, and these liquidations would reduce American holdings on US companies which could be ripe for foreign take over.

The potential for capital flight if they are taxing unrealized gains will investors continue to invest in the US? What about startups after a year of success their investors would have to liquidate? Seems like an awful business environment.

I’m not against it but this could be a real shitshow if not implemented properly.",positive
Going after people just because there aren't many of them feels wrong.,negative
"lol it’s just step one, it will clearly be expanded. Politicians will go after every penny they can to use.",positive
Bernie the communist is a loser who wants to penalize people by paying more tax for being successful in life and contributing to society.  If anything we should tax the poor at a higher rate since they consume more services.,negative
"Had the same thought while agreeing with Sanders. You cannot say she's ""extreme"" like Sanders at a debate. 

Not that you could anyways. 28% is what the capital gains rate was for most of that extremist socialist Ronald Reagan's presidency",positive
"even biden's 40% proposal is higher than this though, its a bad swing rightward. no reason to cut that by 12% wholesale without anyone asking.",negative
"Too extreme? Insane that politicians need to say ""hey I don't want to give everyone healthcare"" to be seen as normal",negative
Or he has firm policy commitments and isn’t willing to change his positions on a dime based on what everyone else perceives to be politically expedient (in contrast to Harris).,positive
"Couldn't agree more, Bernie's unwavering commitment to the people is what we need in politics today",positive
note these discussions ignore the 4% NIIT too. 28% is really 32%.,negative
"You realize this is politics, right?   Bernie Sanders publicly repeating he wants Kamala Harris to be more extreme is a good thing for her campaign.    I truly believe he believes what he says, knows it won’t happen but is doing this to up her appeal to moderates.",positive
you’re thinking of the corporate income tax,neutral
"That much is obvious. The next level argument is: Well, you can't just let companies hold the country hostage and dictate their own tax rates. There needs to be compromise where they pay a fair share (= not too low, not too high). You can't follow that argument to the logical end of ""Well, better not tax companies at all because somewhere someone will undercut it anyway"" and finally ""Let's give them subsidies instead!""",positive
"This is silly, they’re not even trying to get them back to pre-trump levels and you’re out here calling out Bernie 

Lmao fucking libs man",positive
This.,neutral
"Idk, I feel like floating an even higher amount just helps make Harris's proposal seem like a reasonable compromise",positive
"I mean, democracy is about making the voice of your voters heard. This is what Bernie and their voters want. He represents these voters. Just falling in line to whoever is the most ‘left wing’ is just a race to the bottom and a danger to democracy.",negative
[deleted],neutral
"He considers her a progressive by her values, but who is being pragmatic in order to win the election. He listed other good policies she is pushing for that also help accomplish his agenda but that haven't been dragged through the mud by Repubs / right-wing Dems, like child tax credit cutting childhood poverty by 40%.",positive
"Writing a bill? Almost any bill he'd write is DOA. He's the left most senator, any bill he'd spend the time writing would at most get like 5-10 votes. Writing bills, really is kind of a waste of time if you're not like a middle 20 senator, or really high up interms of main party position behind closed doors.",negative
Take a look at Bernie Sanders’ body of work and all the bills he’s written and tried to get passed,neutral
"Your boundaries of pragmatism seem to be within the corporate autocracy. Sanders got to as high as 48% in the 2020 primary, we were *that close* to an actual social democrat becoming the democratic nominee.

Death, taxes, and neo-libs belittling social democrats.",negative
retirement accounts are not subject to capital gains. that’s the whole point of using them,positive
"Interesting, but a few points. You can’t clear funds out of a qualified retirement account without a large early withdrawal penalty, so you would pay more than the difference than with the new tax. You could close out your positions and keep cash in the account but there would be no point to that. It would not appreciate, and you still wouldn’t be able to access it.

This also assumes that the new tax policy doesn’t have a look back period. Additionally, most peoples retirement accounts and 401(k)s are invested in index funds and mutual funds and not individual securities so you could not crash stocks by selling them. Even if you were able to affect them, a significant decline in the market due to tax policy, would not affect the middle-class as the policy would not apply to them. They may see a temporary dip in their 401(k) is as the market adjusts the new tax pricing structure, but the best advice to them would be to not sell and to hold while things stabilize in the long run.",positive
The market is not going to crash over 8% in capital gains. Get real.,positive
If the market crashes that easily it was due for a crash.  Move along.,negative
"I largely agree, but I think if it was raised incrementally over time, like one percent a year, it wouldn’t shock the system in the same way",positive
"Fuck this guy and his enduring, unwavering support for the common people. What an asshole.",negative
Let me clue you in on something... because you missed it... they are talking about people with a net worth of 100 million dollars or more... FYI that isn't you and never will be.,positive
"I've noticed the same exact comments we saw back in 2020. All of a sudden, a bunch of people will come out of the woodwork and try to claim that it'll eventually come back to everyone else. 

Great, so wouldn't that mean my effective tax rate should be higher than 11% now? And isn't the LTCG tax rate already higher for the richest than everyone else? 

It's like the proposed tax on collateralized assets. It only becomes ""problematic"" around the election. All of a sudden everyone needs to worry because we'll be hit with the tax when we go out and buy our next $20mm house. That really sucks since we have to buy a replacement mega-mansion every year or two.",positive
“We’z temporary embarrassed rich folk”,positive
Just like MIL that would get her panties in a twist about the inheritance tax. Her and FIL fucked up so badly financially that they had to move in with SIL family. Kinda of a reverse inheritance. Too bad you can’t have a self righteous asshole tax.,negative
"See that's the problem when people don't think things through circularly - or in full.

So the top 1% owns 50% of all the shares of stock trading in the US markets.

You or me, as a middle income earning household, also own (what seems to us) like a lot of shares of stock in Mutual Funds, ETFs and single company shares in our retirement accounts - this is true for about 62% of American's own stocks that are traded in the markets - either individual, 401K, IRA or through pension funds.

If you have (pretending you make a LOT of money) $250,000 in gains that are not currently realized (because you still own the stocks) and you know that capital gains will be 20% this, but 28% next year and going forward.

Do you sell those stocks for the $250,000 in gains this year and own 20% on that gain?

Do you sit on those stocks and sell them at a time when the tax rate is going to be 28%?  

Obviously, you are generally wise to sell them now at a lower tax rate, buy them back at a high basis point so that when you realize a gain in the future, your tax bill will be lower AND your potential to strategically sell them at a loss will be more likely?

Now you, as a middle income household with tens or hundreds of thousands in your retirement accounts, what do you think will happen to the markets (and your retirement account balances) when there is huge amounts of selling at the end of this year (to lock in the lower rates)?  There will be a huge supply of for sale stocks and not a very strong demand from buyers.

Not only that, but instead of tax loss harvesting this year, wise people will carry any losses into next year to apply against any gains next year.  

If the market crashes by 25% and you are getting closer to retirement, that's problematic.

If the market crashes by 25% -  you now need to see the market increase by 33% just to get back to where you were.

The problem with some people (and Democrats are notorious for this), they refuse to see or comprehend the ""unintended consequences"" that so many people were warning about.

All that said, it's not that I am opposed to adjusting our tax system and for the highest earners to pay a little bit more and also for all earners to pay at least something in Federal Income Taxes.  One of the items I've always thought made sense was not having a cap on Social Security taxes at the 6.2% rate.  No matter the earned income, that full amount should have that 6.2% SS tax applied to it.",positive
Now this is the kind of team player we wanna see more of.,neutral
Don't eat this one.,neutral
"I’m not American or anything but thank you. Wish there was more people like you in the world.

Obligatory curiosity/nosy question: What do you do? Don’t answer if you don’t want to, obviously.",positive
"How many homes do you already own and how much money are you set to inherit?  

I live in an apartment and won't inherit a dime, but this tax would apply to me as well. If you were in my situation you wouldn't whole-heartedly support it because the _actual_ wealthy households are not the people in their 20s/30s who are trying to save up a nest egg to get their families out of generational poverty but the people who were born into one.  

If you were born into 7 million dollars in the modern day you are barely in the top 10% (not 1%, not 0.1%, but top 10%) of families in the US. After the taxes I already face, I will not have that unless I live like a broke college student for a decade. And that assumes I continued to hoard it all instead of using it to support my parents who are nearing 70 years old with no retirement in the bank.  

I've never met anyone else in my situation wholeheartedly support taxes that screw us over. High-income earners are generally not the people who are hoarding all the wealth in the country. High-income earners are the people who are finally breaking out of poverty and experiencing some social mobility.  

And the morons applause while wondering where the American Dream went. I don't want free healthcare and free massages I want the ability to get out of my social class through hard work.",positive
"My understanding is that the 28% rate will apply to all long term capital gains if income is over $1M.  So, as a contrived example, if you only had $1.1M in long term capital gains and no other income, the entire $1.1M would be taxed at 28%.  And if you had $1M in direct income and $0.1M in long term capital gains, the $1M would be taxed at your marginal rate, and the $0.1M would be taxed at the 28%.",positive
"There's a tax benefit called the ""main home gain exclusion"", also known as Section 121.  It allows for taxpayers who meet the following qualifications to waive up to $250,000 in gain ($500,000 if you're married and file jointly) if in the 5 year window ending on the date of sale, you:

Owned the home for at least 2 years.
Lived in the home as your main home for at least 2 years.  
Did not use this gain exclusion on the sale of any other home in the last 2 years.  

This tax benefit has been in existence for at least 20 years, and it's a big enough benefit that it's fairly infrequent for people to pay capital gains tax when they sell their main home.",positive
"Your ""theory"" falls apart when put into practice in the real world. 

Prior to 2013, the long term capital gains tax rate was 15%, even for top earners.  The American Taxpayers Relief Act of 2012 (effective 1/1/2013) increased the top LTCG rate from 15% to 20%, and added a 3.8% Medicare surcharge for those earning over $200k.  So the top rate for the top earners went from 15% in 2012 to 23.8% in 2013.  

So how did the S&P 500 do in 2013, the year the increases went into effect.  32%!  The market hadn't seen those types of results since 1997, and we haven't had those types of results ever since.  Even though the LTCG rates went up over 8% for the highest earners, wealthy people were still pushing the prices of stock up. 

By the way, in 2014, the S&P 500 increased another 13.5%, so you can't really say 2013 was a fluke.

So who doesn't ""understand reality""?",positive
"We are also talking about assets over $100M.  Like any progressive tax scheme, your first $100M in unrealized capital gains is free. And the overwhelming majority of these unrealized gains come from publicly traded stocks. Valuation is pretty straightforward to calculate.

As for startups, 1) again, it is for over $100M.  So if you have $200M in unrealized capital gains, your tax bill will be $28M.  You'll be fine. 

As for capital flight, that is unlikely. What investors want is security. There is a reason they keep the bulk of their money in North America. It will be there when they need it. Potentially losing 28% is a lot better than losing all of it. Plus this will presumably reset the cost basis for the investment, offsetting future capital gains.

The mega rich are throwing a lot of FUD around this because they like  the current system where they functionally pay zero tax. But the reality is that it will long term help grow the country which is conducive to a better business environment.",positive
"Federal income tax on capital gains already exists.  Progressive tax brackets *already exist*.   There is nothing new here, this is just plugging in different numbers.

In contrast, Washington state previously had no state income tax but has introduced a capital gains tax. This only applies to capital gains income in excess of $250k/year.  This is a completely new thing.",positive
"The rich need every penny so that I, a poor, temporary impoverished millionaire, may taste the cooper in their piss trickling down!",negative
Mah guns too :(,negative
this is sarcasm right? I mean it has to be. Right?,negative
"You joke, but by modern standards in the GOP, Reagan was a commie.

The Overton Window's moved a lot of right since his time.",positive
"> Had the same thought while agreeing with Sanders. You cannot say she's ""extreme"" like Sanders at a debate.

Reality never stopped the Trump or the GOP from making an outlandish claim before.

They'll still say it, and their base won't bother to fact check it and will believe it blindly, like always.",positive
Passing legislation > proposing legislation,neutral
"Or Bernie says things he knows will never pass because he doesn't actually care about progressing the country over a period of time like Harris will do if she can't get eveything she wants this instance because voters show that they don't want it. 


An 8% increase over the current rate is better than a 0% increase or a decrease below the current rate that Trump wants. ",positive
"Of all the tax concepts people don’t know, NIIT really seems like one only mentioned by accounting/tax folks or by someone that has been hit with the NIIT. 

When I see articles like OP linked suggesting that 20% is the max with no mention of NIIT, I know it is weak journalism.  Current max is 23.8%",neutral
Capital gains tax rates weren't changed by Trump. There's no pre-Trump level to go back to. Pre-Trump was the same as it is today.,positive
"I know you lefties dont care about optics or winning elections in general but you dont want to create an attack vector where you get blamed for raising taxes, especially when the stakes are this high and all the polls show that people distrust you with the economy.",negative
yeah the folks who have helped my family with programs for their entire lives while Bernie gets zero done. I'll vote for libs every time,positive
"As a pragmatic progressive, Bernie has a way of driving me crazy, but I think you're right in this case. I can't really be mad at him for this.

The most important thing by far right now is defeating Trump and saving our democracy. That requires winning over moderate centrist voters and even some never-Trump Republicans in states like Pennsylvania. If Bernie is out there saying Kamala's proposals are too conservative, that can only help her with the voters she needs to win.",positive
What in the everloving hell are you talking about,negative
"How is Bernie Sanders and common sense on nearly the same wavelength as Trump or any of the other shoddy policies. Remember who was right about Iraq? Healthcare - which would be better than what it is if not for Joe Lieberman. 

Shit, half of what democrats have been pushing and done in Biden's term is similar to what Bernie was calling for 8 years ago. The party is finally catching up to him. 

At the same time, by saying this, Trump cannot say that it is extreme. It actually helps Kamala when appealing to the main portion of the electorate who aren't paying attention to the fact that 28% was what the capital gains tax was under Reagan. And this is for households making a million dollars only. Sanders does not belong in the same sentence as Trump.",positive
"Or also, what he has voted to pass. Do I wish Build Back Better was as robust as originally written? Yes. But will I take the incremental improvements? Also yes. 

It’s like the roof of my house is leaking, but it’s also on fire. I’ll definitely want the fire department to put it out before I start trying to repair it.   

One step at a time. That, I think, is Bernie. ‘This is what our ultimate goal is. But you know, let’s get to square one before looking at square three.’",positive
"""Seem to be""  what? 

Bernie would have been an awful president, and he wouldn't have gotten anything passed.  

You can't convince me that Joe Manchin and Kristen Sinema would have happily voted for Bernie's socialist agenda.  Being pragmatic means wanting realistic policy goals. It has nothing to do with corporate autocracy.  You don't sound serious when you respond with nonsense like that.",neutral
[deleted],neutral
But what if I start to pull myself up by my bootstraps?,neutral
"You make ASSumptions that you have a clue or can clue people in on something.  

Thank you for supporting my company, Reddit.",positive
"it does come back to everybody else . . . if you are a middle income household and you have a fair amount of money in the stock market (401K, IRA, pension, or a college savings 529 to pay for your kids college) it will hurt you.

Why? The top 1% owns 50% of all shares of stock traded in the market.  It is far smarter for them to realize their gains this year when the rate is 20% than to wait until next year when they are going to be taxed a LOT more (nearly 50% more in taxes to be paid).

So, now the owners of 50% of stock shares are going to be selling them between the election and the end of the year.  What do you think happens to the markets?  Tons of selling - who's going to buy all those shares? You surely understand supply and demand factors.

Now you're a 55 year old with $500,000 in your 401K.  The stock market drops 25% as a result of this massive selling.  You now have $375,000 in your 401K and need to get a return of 33% just to get you back to where you were today!  Yet, you're approaching retirement quicker than you realize.

This actually has the potential to hurt the middle class investors (note that 62% of Americans own shares of stocks) more than the wealthy in the grand scheme of things.

And trust me on this, the hedge funds and family funds that also have huge stock holdings will clearly see the same thing - so not only do you have the wealthy selling, but you also have a lot of the institutional investors selling - a 25% pull back may be a best case scenario.

And it won't take long for the better informed middle income households that actually pay attention to this, the markets, etc. . . to do the same thing - move their investment selections out of stocks and into money market accounts just to protect their retirement savings.

So now you've been told how this can affect the 61% of the population that owns stocks but don't make a million dollars a year and just how much this may impact them and their financial/economic conditions.",positive
"If you make over 1 million a year, you need to calm down. You’ve won. Pay your taxes.",positive
How would this apply to you? You’re saying you make over 1 million a year yet would have to live like a broke college student if taxes were increased a little bit? Maybe don’t buy so much avocado toast? Or pause your Netflix subscription?,positive
"As a CPA, there are people who make under $1 million per year that I have as clients and they live extremely well, put tons of money away, and generally have more than they know what to do with. I don't even earn half of that and I'm maxing my retirement contributions, taking multiple vacations each year, and have a kid in college that I'm paying tuition for. 

I am very suspicious of your comment. There's no way you're scrapping by on $1 million and highly doubt that an increase of 8% in the long-term capital gains tax is going to leave you on the brink of being destitute. If that is truly the case it sounds like you're living beyond way your means and need to analyze your finances more as you've probably over extended yourself.",positive
"Go to Google and search ‘progressive tax structure’ 

Also, nobody believes your false fear story",negative
"this is pure insanity. If you grew up in America I can almost guarantee, I was just as, if not poorer than you. I grew in one of the inner cities the right likes to demonize. fortunately, i had an opportunity to go to a magnet school outside my neighborhood. it opened a lot of doors for me. To your question I'm not inheriting anything and I own a single home. I still support the law because I know how hard it is out there. I want more people to have the opportunities I did.",positive
"Yeah, so you see how this only helps a little on a million dollar sale if this stuff gets passed. 

The only way out is like kind reinvestment.",positive
"The reason why the market had a decent year in 2013 was that it finally after 4 years we were recovering from the Great Recession.  It wasn't until 2013 that the market had finally clawed back to where it was in 2007 and 2008.  The S&P had a return of 29%.

2013 was also the year that the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts were made permanent.  There was a lot of concern that the tax rates were going to be raised in 2012 for 2013 - and when the prior administrations tax cuts were made permanent - this propelled the economy to accelerate.

You'll also note that in 2011 total Capital Gains taxes collected was $56,000,000 (which was the highest in 3 years by the way)

In 2012, the last year before the Cap Gains tax rate increase, Capital gains taxes collected was $91,000,000 (a 62.5% increase over the prior year, even when the market didn't do anything exceptionally well).  Which shows that a lot of gains/taxes were pulled forward in 2012 vs. waiting for 2013.

In 2013, even with the market up nearly 30%, the Capital Gains taxes collect was only $98,000,000 (less than a 10% increase over the prior year).  When the market is up 30% in a year, Cap Gains tax receipts should explode higher - even without a higher tax rate!

And if you go back and look at 2012 - you'll also notice that the second half of the year, when investors knew the new tax rate on Cap Gains would be going up - you see that the market stagnated and even dropped.  This was the result of selling to lock in gains at the lower tax rates.  And we're forgetting, that shares owned before the 2009 financial crisis weren't even back to a point of showing a gain in many, many companies.  So that means less selling of those holdings - which reduced total selling of shares to avoid the higher taxes.

The difference then vs. now is that at that time, our economy was finally picking up speed and momentum (remember, it was the slowest recovery ever from a recession in the USA).  The economy now is in a much more precarious situation.  We're hoping for a soft landing vs. a recession.  We're hoping that stagflation doesn't end up being the final result.

So we have several significant factors - locking in gains at a lower rate in a market that is stretched in terms of multiples in an economy that is teetering between at best a soft landing and the alternatives being worse.

As a nation we are over stretched in terms of our national debt and as consumers, we are carrying way too much personal debt - in a very high rate environment.

This isn't a political statement - but knowing how things are right now and where we stand - I think (and I surely admit it's my opinion) that this will be a very big negative for the markets.  

I know my personal reaction will be that if we elect a person who promises to raise capital gains taxes by 40% over where they are now, that I will move out of stocks and into other investments (money market, bonds, etc. . . ) and then buy back in after any notable pull back.  Not for avoiding capital gains (I don't make $1M/yr), just for anticipation of what I expect the market to do in such an event.  So in the worse case scenario and I am wrong, and I move out of equities and into bonds/MM and the market goes up 5% between the election and the end of the year - I've still locked in suitable gains for the year and have only forgone a small amount of additional gains had I stayed invested - noting that I would still see gains on my alternative investments.

In my book for risk management at my age (proximity to retirement), this is simply a better risk management approach than hoping that after an inevitable Cap Gains tax rate hike the following year, that there isn't massive selling to lock in gains at the lower rate.",positive
"Exactly, when they created these they said that was it, and here we are trying to increase it again.",positive
[deleted],neutral
"It's why the Dems need to stop trying to emulate republicans. Clinton did Reagan like policies. Did the republican party say ""wow look this is someone we can work with"" no they just went to the right even more",positive
For the current day republicans anything to the left of giving helicopter rides to school teachers is extreme left commusocialist Marxism.,positive
"You're right there. If Mitch McConnell ran as a Democrat they'd brandish him an extremist and socialist, the former of which is true",positive
You don't start your negotiations with what you expect to receive. You start much higher than that.,neutral
"Do you really think Bernie ran for president twice as an elderly man without “actually caring about progressing the country?”

Knock Bernie all you want. Disagree with his policies. But one criticism you can never lay at his feet is inauthenticity. He doesn’t do performative politics. That should be obvious by now.",negative
Why have democracy if you can’t talk about what you as a politician (and the people who voted for you) by your reasoning as long as Harris is 0.1% better than Trump he should just not critique her?,positive
You know who did lower capital gains taxes to their current rates?,positive
"Bernie is giving political cover for Harris's agenda. He takes the left flank, Trump takes the right and can't attack Harris for having the radical position.",positive
Bernie is literally one of the most pragmatic politicians in America.,neutral
Pragmatic progressive my ass.,negative
"And it’s really wild how tirelessly he’s continued to fight for these incremental improvements, knowing full well we’re a LONG way off and still have much further to go, and that he likely won’t live to see the progress he hopes for. I think he’s a true champion of the people to continue to fight like he does.",positive
"The fact that you just admitted to having zero comprehension of corporate money completely running American politics disqualifies you from anyone taking you seriously around here.

Only a true neoliberal would have their heart bleed for Joe Manchin's concerns.",positive
"No he means people who would benefit from just a tad of socialism, people like you. ",positive
"Bernie wants this country to be a better place for *every* American. I can say that with confidence, and as an ex-Bernie hater.",positive
"I wonder if these people are bots. Their statement reads like a dumb ass ai generated conservative fantasy. "" if you raise taxes 2% i go from disposable income to bankruptcy.",negative
">The reason why the market had a decent year in 2013 was that it finally after 4 years we were recovering from the Great Recession. It wasn't until 2013 that the market had finally clawed back to where it was in 2007 and 2008. The S&P had a return of 29%.

You came up with a bad theory.  I showed you that when it's applied to the real world, it falls apart.  So instead of acknowledging that you were wrong, you dig in with an excuse why the results didn't fit your theory.  

I don't mind engaging with people who have something useful to say.  Excuses just piss me off.  Bye.",negative
"We used to tax Capital Gains at 35%

So if anything, we're just trying to get back to where we were",positive
Its not sarcasm.,positive
Its not sarcasm.  Bernie fucking sucks along with the rest of the 'Squad'.,negative
Hey those dirty bastards had glasses goddamnit they earned their latitude,negative
Free helicopter rides? That sounds like communism! /s,positive
"Business isn't politics, it has best a very superficial comparison. In business the agendas are much less arbitrary and diverse. In business you don't have to win by popular opinion and then deliver on your promises. Could you imagine if every business transaction had to begin with announcing to the public your goals and then answer to them if you cannot meet them?

Additionally, she already *is* the VP. She was part of the cabinet that already shot for 40 and lost. Much of the negotiation has already happened. More of it could be happening behind closed doors.

Reddit loves to casually assume it knows more than large groups of trained professionals. It has a lot of contempt for nuance and detail. You're being that guy.

edit: reddit everybody. catching terrorists and writing economic policy all day",positive
"No, that's you're bad faith argument. But its been argument of people who don't like Democrats for democrats. 


Harris isany time better than Trump on every issue, just like Hillary was as well. But people who make bad faith arguments always act like Democrats are only slightly better.  


The same mess you just said, was said about Biden when were we defending Biden during the 2020 primary. ",positive
Bill Clinton. 1997 Taxpayer Relief Act.,positive
"This has never worked, it just causes people on the far left to vote against their own interests since they never want to compromise. The right does not base themselves in reality, they will continue to fabricate things about how Kamala is a radical. Making taxes substantially higher gives ammo to this rhetoric.",positive
"You mean the guy who runs as an independent and got ass mad that he didn’t get the nomination from the dems, a party he isn’t even part of?",negative
"No you actually didn't.

You can see the actual Capital Gains tax receipts in 2011 (and before), in 2012 (just prior to the rate increase) and in 2013 after the increase.  (Refer to my post above - from the tax [foundation.org](http://foundation.org) and based on US Govt reporting)

You can clearly see the numbers support my argument - it is plain as day.  A 62,5% increase in Cap Gains collected  just prior to a higher tax rate going into effect.

And this is even further reinforced that even after a market increase in 2013, that the Cap Gains receipts barely went up at all!  In fact, when you adjust for the gain in the tax rate - they didn't actually go up at all in a year that the market was up 30% (the year after the tax savings selling took place).

This shows massive levels of selling in 2012.  Exactly what I am predicting would be the case now.

I think you are one of those people that think the high income tax rates after WWII when the rest of the industrialized world was destroyed and we were the only industrial country still standing and producing for the entire planet - that the growth was a result of high tax rates and not the reality that we didn't have any competition in rebuilding literally the entire planet and the entire planet was buying hand-over-fist from the USA.

The rising cap gains rates in 2013 caused the market in 2012 to suffer and brought forward much selling in 2012 to avoid the higher tax rates in 2013.

And knowing and understanding both the market and our economy from 2009 to that point and the muted market returns, very slow economy-wide recovery from the recession - that the market was destined to start to work again as our economy finally reached parity with the pre-crisis era.

If there is going to be a high risk of Cap Gain rates increasing by 40% over current for high income people - you will see stocks being sold at far higher levels than normal in Q4 of 2024.  This is just what people do that wisely manage their finances - and when facing far higher tax costs, people react in a manner that is going to limit their tax costs and lower their own personal gains.",positive
"The point is not how many % she is better.

 My point is, people should always be able to state what they think is the right policy. That is democracy.  This goes for both voters and party members.  Democracy isn't choose a party like it is a sports team and support them whatever.  It's about making sure you are represented. 

If this it is the viewpoint of Bernie and people who vote for him that capital gain taxed should be higher. He should mention this, he should be vocal about this. That is what representation in democracy is about.   

What people here are proposing is since Harris is better than Trump just be silent about what you want. That could lead to a race to the bottom. And would make sure any people to the left of Harris are unrepresented. While in fact, democracy can only truely work if people on the left of Harris voices are represented as well.  The fact that there is a two party system in the US is bad enough for democracy as it is..",positive
When will people stop trying to pretend the far left is losing liberals elections?,negative
Mad? He campaigns for Dems and voted for the Biden agenda. What are you talking about,negative
"You do realize the margins of victory for the 2016 and 2020 elections were less than 100,000 votes, dispersed into 3 or 4 states? Even though the far left is a small fraction of the electorate overall their turnout is still important. 



Considering how much the far left loves to be anti-establishment and dissuade people from voting I wouldn't be surprised if Hillary lost due to them. One of the slogans of the Bernie campaign was literally Bernie or Bust. You dont think its possible some people didnt turn out to vote due to this viewpoint?",positive
For the millionth time: Hillary *won* the popular vote. The electoral college is why she lost. The far left is *always* somehow responsible for all of what goes wrong in this country while also being a tiny frigne. The numbers never back up this nonsense,positive
"I mean there's that common saying by many liberals about ""lose 1 leftist vote, gain 2 centrist votes"" ... or like ""losing left vote, is worth gaining 1 possible republican vote (because its net+2 for FPTP)""

You can equally argue him making himself a villain equally enables centrist voters to vote dem.",negative
"Wow it’s great that she won the popular vote, doesn’t mean anything. This is what I mean when I say the far left doesn’t care about wining elections. They don’t interact with the political reality we have. We currently have an electoral system which means that a tiny amount of voters in swing states can affect elections, this includes people on the far left. Can your provide you so-called numbers? I provided mine.

I think the right is 1000x more culpable for what is wrong in this country than the far left. In this case I’m talking about people in the far left because the article is about Bernie Sanders. My main problem with the far left is that they refuse to compromise or vote for their own interest if it doesn’t align exactly to their policy goals. In the end this causes people who are centre-left and moderates to compete against everyone in the right and people in the far left. This can cost elections, stop pretending voting doesn’t matter.",positive
They always compromise. Did Bernie vote for the ACA or vote against it because it wasn't universal healthcare?,neutral
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
Republicans want to destroy NOAA,negative
">Today [September 4th], the Department of Commerce and NOAA announced $101.5 million in funding across 12 awards to expand equitable service delivery and support the modernization of the U.S. Integrated Ocean Observing System (IOOS) Regional Associations. U.S. IOOS supports ongoing data collection in U.S. ocean, coastal and Great Lakes waters and develops infrastructure and tools to make that data accessible. These funds are made possible by the Biden-Harris Administration’s Inflation Reduction Act.  
...  

List of recipients and their project overviews are in the press release. Statement from U.S. Secretary of Commerce Gina Raimondo:

>“Thanks to President Biden and Vice President Harris’ ambitious climate agenda, we are giving communities, particularly frontline and underserved communities, the tools and information they need to build resilience to devastating weather and climate disasters,” said U.S. Secretary of Commerce Gina Raimondo. “With this $101.5 million investment, NOAA’s IOOS will be able to improve and deliver critical information and tools to help coastal communities become more resilient to the impacts of climate change.”",positive
We definitely need this.,positive
"Stop trying to figure out if global warming is happing and )(\*@#%& DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.

How about crushing that rock and spreading it in the oceans and farmlands?!

How about you take the $100 million and just ()\*@%& plant trees?!",negative
"100 million? WHOAHH
Now let's look at their military budget",neutral
">How about crushing that rock and spreading it in the oceans and farmlands?!

>How about you take the $100 million and just ()*@%& plant trees?!

There is not enough arable land for either of those to have a significant impact, and the crushed rock would fall to the ocean floor.  We add 84 trillion pounds of CO2 to the atmosphere every year.  We have increased the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere by 2,400 trillion pounds",negative
"How about restoring kelp forests?  Half the world's kelp forests are gone.  In California, CDFW stopped aerial surveys of kelp canopy 8 years ago due to budget.",positive
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"From the article:

Kadia’s view

""While we were able to confirm some of the details of the mystery influencer network — the payments, and the date and time of the call to discuss smearing Harris — we were unable to determine who was paying for, or organizing, the calls. Organizers told participants that the money was connected to a wealthy American, who they named — but a political operation that figure is connected to heatedly denied any connection to the influencer operation, and there’s no evidence to link them.""

If it looks like a duck, and quacks like shady ruzzian rubles, it's probably shady ruzzian ducks",positive
Am I the only one that smells the putrid stench of Jacob Wohl and Jack Burkman all over this?,negative
Their guy is a fucking rapist. I could give a rats ass about any sex stuff related to Kamala Harris.,negative
"And guess who was one of the organizers of this dirty tricks campaign? None other than disgraced former GOP Congressman George Santos, now a convicted criminal.",negative
I would be surprised if it was not funded by the Kremlin,positive
Just assume it's Russian,neutral
"It's not even remotely mysterious anymore.

The MAGA party and the Kremlin are working together to get Trump elected.  Any influencer supporting requests to push Trump is most likely not working as a foreign agent on behalf of the Russian government.",positive
Mysterious aka Russian backed,neutral
Even more important to encourage others to vote- online and offline. Not going back to a 78 year old convicted felon who caused a failed insurrection.,positive
When your smears are too extreme for George Santos,neutral
Go check out the Tim pool subreddit and you'll see it,neutral
Amazing when George Santos is the ethical guy in the room. Obviously Russian money. Hoping DOJ releases that list,positive
This should be a much bigger story than it is.,neutral
lol one of the most recent memes on r/timpool is a meme insinuating she’s under the table sucking off Trump and Willie Brown.,positive
You know something is wrong when George Santos is the ethical one.,positive
">we were unable to determine who was paying for, or organizing, the calls

The sad part is it's obvious *who* is paying for, and *who/what* is organizing the calls, but because of a lack of direct evidence they're legally unable to speculate through circumstantial evidence.

Can't wait to see the FBI report on this pathetic excuse of a smear campaigns direct ties with Russia and/or it's direct/indirect assets.",negative
She's been married to the same guy for 10 years. How many people has Donald Trump been married to? And didn't he cheat on his wife when she was pregnant?,positive
The article said he objected. Not to defend that schmo.,neutral
Isn’t he about to be convicted? Threaten him with a lengthy sentence if he doesn’t give up the guys in charge. 10 bucks says this has Russia written all over it.,negative
[deleted],neutral
"The article claims he objected, left the call and he didn't participate in the scheme and there's no evidence he didn't. There's evidence plenty of others took the money and followed through.

Let's blame those who should be blamed.

George Santos is a PoS, but we should only blame him for the abuses  he committed as Chairman of the Federal Reserve, err, CIA director.",negative
Probably a Muskovite.,neutral
The only way I would visit that sub is if I could immediately get permabanned and blocked,negative
Recently exposed ruZZia paid troll Tim Pool you mean?  That guy?,negative
Don’t forget he was also raping 13 year old girls when he wasn’t with Stormy.,negative
Yes. Only once *that we know of*.,positive
"He loudly denied committing any crimes, too. I'm not sure his response is meaningful in determining the truth.",neutral
"He pleaded guilty, so he's already convicted. He's not yet been sentenced.",negative
"He was supportive of the overall dirty tricks campaign which also went after other targets, including the judge on Trump's criminal trial. He was not onboard the Kamala bit. However, he's not innocent. He helped create the monster.",negative
Just post a rational take; that will speed run it.,neutral
"No, I have a site blocker that blocks Shitter sitewide, if I could get it to block only certain Reddit subs that would be better. I just have to mentally block them and sometimes I just mute them so they don't come up in my feeds.",negative
"
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)

In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban. 

If you see comments in violation of our rules, please report them.

 For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/approveddomainslist) to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
 
 We are actively looking for new moderators.  If you have any interest in helping to make this subreddit a place for quality discussion, please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1y2swHD0KXFhStGFjW6k54r9iuMjzcFqDIVwuvdLBjSA).
 

***


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*",negative
"She's not Bernie, but she's closer.

  
She gets my vote.",neutral
"When an extreme deranged fascist is your opponent, you're morally bound to lean into pragmatism. The French left-wing and green parties doubled down on pragmatism and stopped dead Le Pen’s National Rally and fascist allies from a projected majority in the French Parliament.",negative
"Acknowledging where Harris falls flat will come from me AFTER we vote out the blatantly wrong choice. She has a lot of policies I like, some I’m iffy about, some I disagree with. 

But I heavily disagree (to put it lightly) with the alternative.",negative
"My choice to vote for Harris is pragmatic as well. We have a lot of work to do before we get to M4A. Citizens United needs to be overturned to cut the balls off of corporate power in politics. We need Lina Khan to keep doing the good work in the Federal Trade Commission. But everyone wants everything done yesterday or the system should be burned to the ground, and isn’t trying to hear the bitter truth.",positive
Sanders giving Harris his endorsement speaks volumes.,positive
He’s trying to rally his base,neutral
It's pretty easy to be progressive in American political landscapes... don't be an inbred facist or a corpo-ghoul,positive
Nothing wrong with pragmatism these days,positive
She’s better than Hillary or Biden and I will vote for her.,positive
"This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2024-election/bernie-sanders-considers-harris-progressive-policy-changes-pragmatic-rcna170102) reduced by 78%. (I'm a bot)
*****
> Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., on Sunday called Vice President Kamala Harris&#039; decision to moderate her views on fracking and Medicare for All &quot;Pragmatic,&quot; saying that Harris is &quot;Doing what she thinks is right in order to win the election&quot; and that he still considers her to be &quot;Progressive.""

> Asked directly on Sunday about the rate Harris proposed, Sanders said, &quot;I would go I would go higher than that&quot; and added that while Biden and Harris have achieved some progressive wins &quot;Much more needs to be done.""

> On Sunday, Sanders said that he still considers Harris to be a progressive.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/1fc7w82/sen_bernie_sanders_says_he_considers_harris/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ ""Version 2.02, ~693532 tl;drs so far."") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr ""PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome."") | *Top* *keywords*: **Harris**^#1 **Sanders**^#2 **tax**^#3 **campaign**^#4 **win**^#5",positive
"Any progressive refusing to vote for Kamala because she isn’t perfect is doing more harm than good. There’s plenty of time to push for progressive policies over the next 4 years.

If Trump wins, everyone else loses.",positive
"I hope this gets through to the 'all or nothing' progressives that progress, even if tempered by pragmatism, is still better than no progress (or worse, a reversal of progress made). Not holding my breath though.",positive
"I love Bernie can’t believe he won’t ever be president, he would have done his upmost for you guys.",positive
"This is what I love about Sanders. He's been an idealist his whole life, but it never gets in the way of his pragmatism.",positive
The title is a backhanded compliment. Not a flex.,positive
"She’s not progressive, only seemingly so by comparison.  Thankfully most of the policies that would benefit people  right now are actually just moderate ones (though MAGA will undoubtedly squawk about how extremely leftist they all are)",positive
Where the hell was this guy in 2016?,negative
"""Pragmatic"" is the word many young voters and would-be Bernie Bros could stand to remember more.",neutral
Reddit told me she's the most conservative candidate since Reagan.,neutral
What policies?,neutral
These comments that Sanders made actually are giving the Republicans lots of firepower against her. They view her as a 'chameleon' that lacks any clear policies.,positive
Bernie sold his soul for a committee chair position. She is the very thing he's spoken out against his entire career,neutral
"This weird looking t-Rex is part of the reason Hillary lost and we have an alt right scouts right now, nobody should listen to what he has to say ",negative
"She's a drunk and on drugs party girl who doesn't give a fuck about sending you to war. Dick Chaney approved, just like dubya.",positive
"Not that she wants this broadcast, but her Senate voting record was to the left of Warren. 

I think she and Walz are a brand of pragmatic progressives that I really like.",positive
"I see people like Harris or Biden as the type who will actually get more than done than Bernie because they are more willing to compromise. If Bernie were president, it’s not like he can avoid political reality or out maneuver the Republican Party. Thats why I’ve never really cared to support Bernie. He’s a good guy of course.",positive
"They still improved on their numbers though.

But it's a joke that Trump didn't lose with the same share Le Pen did on 2017 AND 22.",positive
And then the liberals shanked them lol,positive
"Okay, but then what happened after that? That's right, the left got screwed over.",negative
"How so? He endorsed Biden this year, and [in 2020](https://amp.cnn.com/cnn/2020/04/13/politics/bernie-sanders-endorses-joe-biden), [Hillary in 2016](https://amp.cnn.com/cnn/2016/07/11/politics/hillary-clinton-bernie-sanders), and [Obama in 2008](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/amp/ncna586556). He’s always caucused with the Dems. He worked to push them to the left but he’s always been a team player when it’s election time.",positive
If only so many of them weren't tankies,neutral
">  (or worse, a reversal of progress made)

Idk, bunch of people tried to sell that crap as ""pragmatism"" for a decade or two.",negative
My friends who have suddenly become single issue voters make me want to bang my head against the wall.,positive
[removed],neutral
Campaigning for Hillary Clinton,neutral
"Donald Trump changed all of his policies in the last week, then changed many back when his base revolted

Donald Trump charges his positions like he changes soiled diapers",positive
Boring,negative
What utter nonsense. Did you even check her voting record?,negative
We're getting another chance at what would essentially be a Bernie-like presidency. Let's fucking do it this time.,positive
"I read that it was left of Bernie, which would be awesome:

https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2024/jul/28/kamala-harris-had-more-leftist-voting-record-in-se/

Washington times might just be running “scary commie” propaganda though, to the boomers who believed breaking unions were the secret to winning the Cold War.",positive
“Pragmatic progressive” is my favorite flavor.,positive
"pragmatic progressives need to be in office, we can't afford to elect some pie in the sky type and have them fall flat. I don't want to worry about another outbreak of the MAGA brain eating virus.",positive
"According to Voteview, of the 109 Dems who served in the Senate since 2000, Harris is 2/109. Only behind Warren.",neutral
Multi party vs two party. And they don’t have our messed up electoral college. So it’s not really easy to make a comparison.,positive
"> They still improved on their numbers though.

Obviously, their goal wasn't to change Nartional Rally's popularity. It was solely to prevent them from a majority in Parliament. It's a resounding victory for French democracy.",positive
"Liberals always side with the far right - their philosophy is based on complacency with how things are, not actual progress.",negative
He really didn’t want to endorse Hillary. His wife was also retweeting anti Clinton stuff nonstop.,positive
Lmao if you literally think this.,positive
By many of them you mean no one? You do realize actual tankies aren’t his base? Or any of the popular candidates actually,positive
"Tankies hate him dude. Even some ""progressives"" hate him.",negative
">They are saying your starting offer is “all”, then you compromise down.  

Starting a negotiation with an unreasonable demand is exactly how you get people to immediately cease to take you seriously.",negative
making the starting offer be “all” is a good way to run up the score along the pacific coast but make her be unelectable to the eyes of many rust belt voters she has to win over,positive
">Maybe if you stopped attacking a straw man

https://edition.cnn.com/2024/06/04/politics/biden-progressives-immigration/index.html

https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/08/15/young-voters-climate/

Such critics exist, so not really a straw man then, is it?

>If your opening offer is already compromised down, you’ll end with even less after the  compromise.  That isn’t pragmatic.  That’s cowardice and stupidity. 

Let's address the things Sanders brought up: banning fracking and pushing for Medicare For All. Those are not currently politically tenable or achievable. So yeah, reversing positions on that is absolutely the right decision.

>Centrist start halfway to Republicans and then negotiate further right.  Progressives argue you start where you want to be and compromise right from there.  

I'm specifically referring to progressives who are criticizing Harris for not going left enough even if doing so is a politically impossibility if one wants to win the election",negative
What are the three biggest compromises made by the “all” crowd?,neutral
That's not what I remember,neutral
"If Trump's acceptance speech at the RNC was identical to Kamala's, liberals will be in an absolute uproar about how authoritarian and right-wing wing it is. But apparently blue fascism is on the menu and it's perfectly palatable",positive
She’s a candidate that should appeal to both Sanders *and* Clinton supporters.,positive
Do what? Reach gridlock in Congress? Have things be overturned by federalist scotus? Do we really think she’s going to start official acting all sorts of amazing shit? Nah bro she’s gonna play ball with her overlords. That’s where the money is. That’s what keeps their ball moving. ,positive
"I saw it on one of those political charts that wasn't specifically about her, rather you could plot any Senators against one another. I can't find the link at a glance, but it wasn't like an article that was specifically about her but from a tool that could be applied to anyone.",negative
"Per an article from the hill last month, from her first tenure in the Senate through today, Harris is the second most liberal senator of this century, per the Voteview project out of UCLA, only coming in behind Warren. 

She ranks 2nd out of the 109 Democratic senators since 2000.",neutral
"May it last longer than the ""compassionate conservative""",positive
"I mean the ""pie in the sky"" types would be pragmatic if enough of them were elected... It's like all those people who say we need a larger majority of dems for dems to actually do more substantial stuff; the same applies to progressives. 

Any political position is ""pie in the sky"" if they're the minority.",positive
"Absolutely correct.  Get some progressive wins on the board, the small stuff that's actually easily doable.  Prove to voters that the sky wont' fall with progressive policies in place, and you can then lead them onto bigger and more ambitious goals.",positive
"It is, but France and all of Europe should make collective effort to destroy their fascist parties.",negative
"Jane is not Bernie, she is her own woman.",neutral
"I don't think tankie is an accurate description, but there is definitely a portion of the left that honestly likes to complain more than they like to actually get things done. Which I think stems from them having some really poor understanding of how progress actually gets done. It's like people think if you can't overnight get everything you want then it's not even worth trying at all",positive
"Refresh your memory then, he campaigned like hell for her",negative
"Calling it ""blue fascism"" while the Republican Party is literally campaigning on throwing the military at political opponents and putting millions of people in camps is a bit disingenuous.",positive
Lol what was even remotely authoritarian or fascist about the DNC?,negative
"I think Walz kind of nails the messaging (although their stances are aligned). Do the thing that's the most neighborly, and do it pragmatically. Keep it simple and common sense. 

That happens to be fairly progressive with some frequency, but also some (not all, mind you) progressives are not in favor of incremental change or taking it one issue at a time. And like, there's a lot of stuff that needs to be made better and I understand the desire to make it all better all at once. But the system isn't really built for that and people by and large don't like meteoric shifts and won't vote for them. 

I've been really refreshed by her ability to voice progressive policy without just declaring that we're going to change everything and also the set of things she wants to change are a set of things where there's an actionable plan to get it done.",positive
"As a Bernie supporter who voted for Clinton while holding my nose, I'm a lot more excited to vote for Harris. Especially because she's backed by Walz, who really reminds me of Bernie's ethic of doing what's right",positive
"if you think that's possible, you misunderstand that dynamic entirely",neutral
I feel like I haven’t heard that term in decades.,positive
"Who do you think is involved in grassroots organizing vs just voting every 4 or maybe 2 years? That's pretty rich buddy, thanks for pulling all the dead weight with your precious vote",positive
"I wouldn't include Bernie in this. He has been broadly supportive of the Biden/Harris presidency and will continue to be so for the Harris/Waltz (if they, God willing, win).

He hasn't acted like an arsonist and has helped in getting policy to be passed.",positive
I wasn't talking about Bernie.,neutral
